{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 3, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "7xwZ0ePXneS47zaf1hNs0Q", "review_id": "4EDTuZu2CrF9HbtaO9FqMQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-11-09", "text": "First of all, I must say that Casablanca is my favorite restaurant in downtown Claremont. I have been for a total of three times in the past year and I have not been sorry yet! \n\nMy first time there was with a group of friends, one of them being Lebanese. She was the one who actually encouraged us to eat there, insisting that the food was authentic to her culture. Although I cannot remember all that we ordered, I do remember that we chose as an appetizer the Cheese Pies ($8) at the recommendation of my friend. It consists of fried filo stuffed with feta, and if you are like me (a fan of cheese) you will absolutely love this dish! I have gotten it every time since then, and the taste still drives me crazy with obsession. \n\nThe second time, I went was on a Friday during the summer with my boyfriend. With no reservations we arrived around 5, just before the crowd hit, allowing us to be seated and served almost immediately. We ordered the Cheese Pies (of course), and the Duet Kabab plate of chicken and beef ($23) to share. I agree with the other reviewers about the chicken - extremely lackluster. On the other hand, the beef was delicious. My boyfriend is a near steak connoisseur and therefore is very critical of his meat, however, the beef kabab won his stamp of approval with its tenderness and flavor. Halfway through our meal we were entertained by a professional belly-dancer who gyrated her way throughout the restaurant collecting tips, applause, and laughs along the way. All in all, the perfect atmosphere for a date. \n\nIn my most recent visit, I arrived with family for a Sunday lunch. Yet again the Cheese Pies and the Duet Kabab were ordered, but this time the chicken was replaced with the lamb. We also ordered another entree of Lamb Chops ($26). And for the first time I felt regret while eating there; I could not believe that I had gone twice to Casablanca without ordering the lamb! In all the times that I have tried lamb there has always been a distinct taste and odor about it, that personally gave me a negative impression. But since my mother is a fan of lamb, we tried the kebab and chops, and it was to die for. The meal completely reinvented my outlook towards lamb; it was tender and savory, which paired well with the rice and vegetables on the side. \n\nThe server was very accommodating when helping my wheelchair-bound grandmother, however she forgot to serve the complimentary pita bread which accompanies the meal, until I asked her about it. (Trust me, kebab and pita should go hand in hand.) She was also slightly slow about finalizing the paycheck, considering there were not many people eating at the time. On a side not, I consider the seating arrangement of Casablanca in bad taste. I suppose to maximize profits they wanted as many tables in the restaurant as possible. Consequently there is just enough space for one person to squeeze through between tables, making it too close for comfort with fellow patrons. If you want privacy, ask for a booth. \n\nIf you want to eat authentic and delicious Lebanese food in an entertaining atmosphere and have the full wallet to do so, then I recommend you eat at Casablanca. But if you don't have the patience or money to deal with sometimes-slow service or high-quality food, then try In-N-Out. You pay for what you get.", "type": "review", "business_id": "6v31gzvJ0A_8-JVPjgcF_A"}
