{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "nk7Inq5HXkjCuaZIR22X1A", "review_id": "zjWUxT2LmlxP7e5ZD8_BVw", "text": "DO i have to give ANY stars?? By far the worst experience at a restaurant i have ever had. I have been in the restaurant industry for many years and would NEVER say rude things in front or to a customer, regardless of the interaction that i have had with them. First of all, they give the smallest portions of ANY Chipotle I have EVER been to. (This is beside the point). The employees were the worst!!!! The cook was screaming in the back \"f*** this\" and all this other inappropriate stuff so I thought it was just another disgruntled employee. Then my boyfriend told her he wanted MILD salsa on the side. She gave him attitude and said \" I asked what you wanted ON the bowl.\" He told her and she still got it wrong, doused his food with HOT salsa, which he did not even ask for. He then asked for lettuce and the same woman that was making our bowls stopped and looked at him. \"We dont have anymore lettuce.\" This really disappointed me because one of the main reasons I come to Chipotle is that they always have fresh shredded lettuce that they pile on top. They had old salad lettuce left that look wilted so she sprinkled a few pieces on top. When I told her what I wanted on mine, I asked her if she was sure that they did not have any shredded (because they ALWAYS have some in the back of pretty much everything) she looked at me and said NO really loud, STILL with attitude. I said \"Oh, thats disappointing\" and let it go. She then preceeded to keep making my bowl, while saying rude things ABOUT me 2 feet in front of me to the employee that was ringing us up. Things like, for example, \"You think you can come in here before we close and ask us for lettuce, like we are going to have any? Who do you think you are? Shi*, Not our problem,\" under her breath. Do you really think I am going to want to come back to this location EVER AGAIN? You are an establishment that should have ingredients until you close, especially because this is a company that is constantly busy, especially right before closing time. Angry and never eating here again!", "business_id": "RaE9ir386tfLGwtDN9W6QA", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-08-15", "type": "review"}