{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "hM33I-JwoEGbmYE0GHjASw", "review_id": "2nwSS_OqTxMqp0M5alybZQ", "text": "As another reviewer said, I am forced to give Seamless Transition at least one star in order to write this review. If there was a \"no stars\" option, I would certainly pick that. My husband and I dealt with Seamless Transition (which is actually one woman, Kitty Franklin, and only Kitty Franklin) in November, 2007, when we were moving to Boston for his new job and needed short-term housing quickly so he could start work. On November 9, 2007, I made a reservation at for a furnished apartment at 21 Beacon Street, Boston, Massachusetts with Kitty Franklin of Seamless Transition. Two days later, Kitty emailed us to let us know that she never received the authorization and if she didn't get any sort of communication from us she would release the unit. We emailed Kitty twice; she never responded. We were moving within the week. We needed a place to live. We were operating under the assumption that, per her own email, she released the unit on 11/11/2007 and that either she had lost our credit card information or someone in her office had stolen it. That Monday, November 12th, we called and left messages. Of course, she did not call back. We were only 5 days until moving day. On November 13th, I reported my credit card number as stolen because, to the best of my knowledge, Seamless Transition had no idea where it was. My husband and I then scrambled to find alternate housing arrangements. Kitty Franklin never returned our telephone calls or responded to our emails. Nevertheless, after we moved, and had found alternative housing, we received our American Express bill and were shocked to find the charge from Seamless Transition on our bill dated November 13, 2007, one day after Ms. Franklin herself said our reservation would expire. I have been trying to deal with American Express for over a year now, since Seamless Transition seems to have miraculously \"found\" the missing fax and claims we owe them for the full rental since it was a cancellation within 30 days. This is not a scrupulous business, and Ms. Franklin is not an honorable business woman. I would not wish dealings with her on my worst enemy.", "business_id": "aoDGdIuFVU3JoaaACAKtyg", "stars": 1, "date": "2009-04-01", "type": "review"}