{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "FevRYtOI0wMC4sbOY5MJ7w", "review_id": "W-xo7FeQ_4PsoK6EkWtk4A", "text": "OMGAY!! My prayers has been answered! Saturn Cafe and I go way back in Santa Cruz. I don't remember who or which deity told me about this amazing vegetarian diner, but suddenly I found out awhile back that the owners decided to magically create a location in Berkeley. Wonderful decision on their part. My fave item on the menu is the chicken avocado club sandwich. With the bread grilled with a little oil goodness and packed with fake chicken patties and veggies, it is comfort food to the max! Their battered fried fries are to die for and so addictively sick. (wait can I use that word (sick) when it comes to food? Sorry I'm clueless sometimes...wait...take that back...i'm clueless most of the time!! ;D). Ok so this part deserves it's own separate paragraph isolated with spaces before and after. My most recent visit (5 visit so far which is a lot since I'm avoid east bay and a big SF snob) I had the most delectable mud pie with coffee ice cream, perfect crunchy crust, topped with chocolate liquid lines. Oh (wo)man!! I could have died after eating that dessert. It was murderously delicious! I also tried the sliders. While I loved their homemade veggie patties, it seemed a bit dry mostly the bread. The sliders weren't as flavorful as I would have liked it to be. And lastly since I don't consider this a criteria for restaurants in general is the service. The service could be a little hit or miss. What happened to smiling staff members in restaurant establishments??!! Could I have at least one smile, gurl/boy frens!! It's not that their service is bad; it's just not as good as their battered fried fries. ShooOOO! Overall, I am always happy to visit this restaurant whenever I am in Berkeley, which parking could be a bit difficult. Happy stomach = happy me!!", "business_id": "S4a-MaxMszQjSPSs1JSM2A", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-04-19", "type": "review"}