{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "9S_9h0JGlmEjWkvN4QhmBQ", "review_id": "Z4GCCyLeuZYSlIvm1MNgrg", "text": "I read about this place in an issue of Improper Bostonian and have been dying to try it. First off, I was really impressed by the atmosphere. The space is much bigger than I anticipated, and boasts 2 floors and 2 bars. The upstairs looks like a great place to hang out with friends or colleagues after work. and they have a great beer list, wine list, and cocktail offering. I made my reservation on Open Table, but considering it was midweek I probably didn't have to. The staff were very friendly, sometimes bordering on theatrical though. They may have been overly trained to avoid the usual Boston-speak and cater to the intellectual crowd, but that's totally my assumption. We got the steak tar tar (really good, definitely needs the crostinis to bring out the flavors), the burger, the chicken (the one with carrots and mash) and the softshell crab (was the fish market special for that day). The crab was so-so for me. The batter was interesting, had a slight cinnamon flavor that really complemented the crab), but I noticed under better lighting that my toasted bread thingy was a bit charred. The burger went down well, though the bacon wasn't omitted as requested, maybe upon better judgment, and the chicken was much enjoyed by my boyfriend (and dog) when I finally got home that evening. I would definitely dine here again. Love the atmosphere, really excited about the menu. Love that it's a lot of local ingredients and daring. AND very affordable. UPDATE 6/14/10 I tried to hold off on this update, hoping the situation would be resolved quickly. When my friend and I had dinner I gave her $100 cash towards the bill (which was about $100). She gave the waitress $80 and asked her to put the rest on her card, where she would leave the tip. She failed to notice until the next day that she had been charged the full bill on her card, so the waitress pocketed the cash. Granted, she did sign the receipt, but an $80 tip on a $96 bill? Who assumes that? We don't even look like ballers. Anyways, she did call the restaurant and they told her they would refund her the overpaid amount. Today the charge went through and they charged her the full amount. She will be calling again tomorrow. Hopefully it was just a timing thing and it will be resolved ASAP. Removing a couple stars while I wait... Woot! All resolved! The manager (I think it was the manager) called my friend to make sure everything went through (took a while to get updated in the banking system.", "business_id": "_9ZZv5V-uM5BXx3P-HslIw", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-06-10", "type": "review"}