{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "er9iW6a7CUHE5bLO4ye5Hw", "review_id": "xn0QolxlogGtZ6lQFlZK0w", "text": "Some friends of mine had a craving for Indian food, and upon conferring,  made their way up from Newport to pre-game at our place, over glasses of wine.  In Providence there are many Indian restaurants to choose from, and on this night we decided on Kabob and Curry based on my fiancee's pleasant past experiences (I also considered other good experiences at Rasoi in Pawtucket, and India on Hope St).  We dropped in on a Saturday evening around 7 pm and were quickly seated and ordered a pitcher of sangria .  After salivating over all the wonderful smells, we placed orders for potato and pea samosas, an order of pakoras, and 2 orders of the cilantro and garlic naan.  These tasty bites were downed pretty quickly, along with the complimentary papadum and various chutney and sauces brought to the table. Keeping in mind that my Newport friends had intentionally not eaten much all day to save up for this experience, our group of four ordered up two orders of the Garam Masala (chick peas), an order of a shrimp curry dish (cooked with portabella mushrooms in a coconut and cashew sauce), and an order of the Rashimi chicken (cooked in a tandoor, seasoned with yogurt, ginger, garlic, and jalape\u00f1o peppers).  This was all served with generous portions of jasmine rice and more chutney.  The shrimp curry disappeared pretty fast, and the chicken was very tender and flavorful - made me want to replicate this one at home.  The Garma Masala is always a favorite, and by this time our group had slowed to a crawl, given all that we had ingested.  I sucked it up and finished the last of the Garam Masala, and upon being asked if we'd like dessert, politely declined (no more room!) and decided to head home. Kabob and Curry is great choice if you have a hankering for Indian cuisine, in the Providence area.  Given its location on Thayer St., you know that there are quite a bit of tables being turned and that the food is fresh.  The food is extremely flavorful, and regarding the prices - considering that the dishes are often served with rice, a table of two can get away with ordering an appetizer, and splitting an entree', to make it a relatively inexpensive evening.  The waitstaff were pretty attentive, though there was a funny moment when one of the Newporters started to panic after they took away the chutney offerings after the empty appetizer plates were taken away.  He was assured though (and they followed through), that the chutneys would return with our entrees.  End panic.", "business_id": "RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-02-01", "type": "review"}