{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "g3FDenZ_IfrjAwE6DRmCYw", "review_id": "4cUsiGvfcL8tVm8Q45jO1w", "text": "After hearing the hype from a ton of people, I was thoroughly underwhelmed. I've always know it to have a super long wait, and they don't allow you to call ahead. We came in with a group of 5 after 8PM, and were told 1-1.5 hour wait. I saw a sign for different hours for their upstairs section, so I asked what that was about. The hostess told me that it was a more casual environment with open seating.  So I went upstairs and sat down at a table, only to be told that it wasn't open seating, and that there was a hostess upstairs. I told the upstairs hostess what I was told downstairs, and that I still didn't quite understand the difference, but we had 5 people and wherever we could sit we'd be happy with. After about 5 minutes, she seated us upstairs. We ended up with a table so no big deal, but you'd think that they could either accurately describe upstairs vs. downstairs, or maybe if there's two different hostesses, they could communicate between the two because with the same menu, no one really cares where they sit.  After reading the menu online and reading about the farms where they get their food and how they make their own alcohol, I was definitely excited. Nearly everything let me down though. The beer sampler was served almost warm, and was nothing too special compared to other craft beers in the downtown area. A friend had a whiskey drink that tasted like tequila, and my wife had a mojito that she said tasted like lime juice.  As for the food, again just average. A couple friends got pizzas that were OK but not great, my wife got the chicken and brie sandwich which was the best of the bunch, and I got a porchetta sandwich which I didn't want to finish. The spinach was too much and too soggy, and the pork was tough and stringy, and actually hard to tear apart from the sandwich as you took a bite. The fries were good, and I actually really liked the pickled zucchini spear instead of a pickle, but that's about it.  I would definitely have been upset had we waited 1-1.5 hours for that meal.", "business_id": "ZJVhCAjBeRlzLhgRVVJD5Q", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-01-12", "type": "review"}