{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "F7Y2b3X5qfTshxqROkHCcg", "review_id": "l0AccgJyTND78PsqMmvFxA", "text": "I LOVE THIS STUFF. If medical school wasn't so expensive, time consuming and rife with politics I'd go. The Mutter on the day I went was kind of disappointing. They had a whole room closed off to update the exhibit. *cry* It was also surprisingly small. I had expectations, thanks Discovery Channel, TV why do you mislead me so!!! We did how ever snag a choice parking spot at a meter right in Front. Anywho. It' $14 to get in. Your average person may find some of the exhibits disturbing. There were a few middle aged women who were \" Oh! I have to go, I'll wait for you outside. That's just disturbing!\" Meanwhile I'm traipsing gleefully and giggling my head off. Flesh wallet *snicker* Died of Syphilis *snicker* and OMFG you have to go thru the drawers of stuff that Dr's have removed from people's stomachs. ( lower floor in a chest of drawers type thing) Screws, sewing needles, buttons, fish hooks??? WTF! There were all sorts of odd things and you'll be surprised at how many people (adult people) have swallowed some of these things. There are a lot of skulls of people who died from syphilis, I didn't know it did that to you. You'll have to check it out. There was a skeleton of a man with a weird bone disorder in one corner that was fascinating, and obviously a painful malady. poor guy. Anywho very very interesting exhibit over all. The one thing that bothered me was the fetal development displays. I don't care what time period it was there is no way they got all the specimens from different time points of fetal development from natural losses. Shady Mo'fo's but hey all in the name of Science. Along these lines I highly recommend the book \" Stiff: the curious lives of human cadavers\" If you're into this kinda stuff. I'd go again and again if I had a student card or something that gave me free admission. But since the internet and Hi-Definition images, going once is enough.", "business_id": "giUvelDX9OPw7aiF7grvEA", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-11-20", "type": "review"}