{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "28xW1G6tkQ6WfddEhPGzfw", "review_id": "U1O1XsphwmL035rH7c829A", "text": "My friends live in Ithaca and I go to The Smart Monkey Cafe every time I visit. Their 1/2 Pound Burgers with LT&O along with tons of Portebella Shurums and sharp Swiss cheese with Potato Salad ROCK! Brunch is excellent also! Upon my Arrival Feb 18 2010 I discovered that the wonderful Organic Local Restaurant HAS CLOSED NEVER TO OPEN AGAIN! They owners say a Pannera Bread is set to open just across the way from the SMC and they felt they could not compete. That along with the economy and some missteps doomed one of the best restaurants in \"Crunchy\" Ithaca They do own the building the restaurant is housed in and will continue to do catering. The founders of the restaurant built the cafe from the ground up. This is very sad as it was a very good place. They did suffer from problems over the years. Service was uneven taking a long time for food to arrive at times. They did not have a good manager who was able to make sure that food was prepared and delivered with as little wait time as possible on a consistent basis. They restaurant was large and had lots of windows and a high ceiling. This most likely cost a lot to heat and cool. In addition they had four storefronts that they were trying to rent for the entire time the restaurant was open. They only filled one, while the other three sat empty. This was a lot of lost revenue that they could have put towards the cafe. Plus the location was not as good as it could have been. Yes it was right on Elmira Road. However being so close to the road made it hard to make a left turn coming South on Elmira Road. Plus the building did not look like a restaurant so one could just pass it by, if they did not know it was a cafe. If the cafe was set back a little farther from the road with the parking in front where patrons could easily see it from the road, that would have been helpful. If they had opened on The Commons, they would have done a much better business and still be serving wonderful food today!", "business_id": "9nXLjrzvjMAnj8kCL5PMEw", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-02-25", "type": "review"}