{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "gF37cxBOnIi3ZoC6FKmu-Q", "review_id": "QcxgKF4sHmlACdLlx38BrQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-03-06", "text": "This is one of my favorite local restaurants in CU. First of all, the atmosphere is really amazing. A lot of care was taken to make the inside of this place something special. It has a slightly dark, gothic feel yet it still feels very cozy and inviting. I do wish the space was a bit bigger, however, as it can get busy very quickly and you'll run out of places to sit.\n\nService-wise I've almost always had great service. The wait-staff is friendly and the bartenders are fast and responsive. They have a nice selection of spirits. The best part has to be the food, though. They have a nice selection of salads. My absolute favorite is the Seven Saints Salad. I've never tasted anything quite like it. It has a crisp bed of greens topped with tiny hot green peppers and a VERY generous portion of pieces of steak. The steak is flavorful and moist and the whole salad has a clear dressing that compliments the other components perfectly. The best part is that you can have the salad as part of a special served with a couple of their sliders for around $8. It's a great deal.\n\nSpeaking of their sliders, they have a really wonderful selection of mini-hamburgers. They aren't as heavily greasy as you might expect from a traditional slider. My favorites are probably the Asian slider with it's wasabi spread, the Buffalo Chicken slider (with an amazing sauce on a crispy piece of chicken and served with ranch dip) and the Blacjack burger. There are a ton more and pretty much anything to suit your taste.\n\nAnother standout aspect of Seven Saints are their appetizers. If I have one complaint it's that they seem incapable of keeping their Beet Chips ready to order. Out of the five times I've tried to order them, I've only ever been able to get them twice. I don't know if I've just had bad timing or what but I do wish they were a bit more diligent with those. If you do manage to order them they are delicious and are served with a yummy goat cheese dip. If they are out of them, there are still a lot of great options. You can't go wrong with either of their mushroom appetizers.", "type": "review", "business_id": "L2c-qKZWumCmOCR-dqBLrg"}
