{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "r8upcNxujlyoN8sUfcWlNw", "review_id": "-Grd4lVD1D7Xz5Hly2wZTg", "text": "For three people, we ordered: 2 crab wontons appetizers 1 daisy wings appetizer 1 eggplant salad entree 1 beef extra spicy spaghetti entree 1 seafood extra spicy green jungle curry entree Wontons tasted overly-mayo'd and had avocado pieces. Say what?  It didn't really matter, the overly-mayo'd crab overpowered everything else.  Fried cream cheese wonton 101: It's cream cheese, NOT mayo.   Daisy wings were like plain fried chicken wings, but with a sweet/salty kick.  The friends were into it, I wasn't floored. Warm eggplant salad wasn't what I was expecting.  I don't think I was expecting a cold eggplant salad, but it was just strange.  It was a main dish but called salad? Also, it had a tartness to it, lemon or lime, that was too subtle to notice until someone pointed it out.  Also blah. Green jungle curry.  The curry broth was oh so rich and delish.  That said, the seafood was a bit hard and the veggies were too soft, almost like mush before it made it to my mouth.  This order came with white rice that was so watery that with a little more water, it could have been used for porridge.   Now for the deal maker: spicy spaghetti.  I've never had spicy spaghetti until Daisy Mint, and man am I glad I waited to have it here!  I really dislike traditional Italian style spaghetti, but there was nothing tomato pasty about this spaghetti at all, all yum!  If you've never had spicy spaghetti before, the only thing that actually transferred from traditional spaghetti are the noodles, everything else is different.  Must try. I don't consider this fusion, just good Thai food without the hole in the wall experience. They also had a lunch special menu that included a lot of things with your entree order. Will definitely be back, but will probably avoid seafood in my curry and have to try the pad see ew and browse through their different tea selection.", "business_id": "oSMpVfjLeSDV2yZzNH0rKw", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-09-24", "type": "review"}