{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "i6782bEhN2jmUJNuf4TAMw", "review_id": "sTvY8bRWtB6Fn_9Jggegdg", "text": "I'm not stopping until I try everything on their menu but here is what I have tried so far and much of it is good. Appetizers: Causa - atop this tower sits yellow mashed potatoes, middle is crab meat, and the bottom sits avocado. The accompanying garnishes of diced cilantro and tomato and their house aji sauce makes this dish a perfect starter. Ceviche del dia - always changing in ingredients the current incarnation has some type of pumpkin squash, fried corn, hominy, different types of seaweed and seabass. The vinegar emulsion that acid-cooks the fish is unique and gives the entire dish a great flavor when mixed all together. Drinks: Passion fruit ice tea and the purple corn ice tea are great refreshments, I have not had the chance to try the barley ice tea because I like the first two so much its hard not to order them. Mains: Most dishes here are either served with a side of white rice and soup of the day, if the dish has rice already then it will have a salad. Arroz con pollo - this is a great safe dish if you are not too adventurous, basically grilled chicken over cilantro rice. Breast is cooked well with little to no dryness. Lomo Saltado - the playful stacking of the thick potato fries looks nice on the plate but once you get this plate you may want to mix things up because the ingredients meld together well. The beef filet is tender the onions and tomatoes have a nice tartness to them due to the vinegar based sauce, and the accompany white rice goes well to soak up the juices. Pork belly over beans - had a nice roasted taste but I felt some parts of the belly were a little too stringy, probably not braised/baked long enough. Still the flavors were good and the sauciness went well with rice. This is a special and not on the regular menu. Lamb belly over quinoa risotto - first time having the cut of lamb belly and quinoa was an interesting experience. The quinoa tasted great and the lamb belly was an nice mix of crunchy and soft textures. Too bad this is a special and not on the regular menu. Lamb shank - I like lamb but even the flavor of this lamb dish really was strong for me. That is not to say I did not like it but rather its the least likely thing for me to order again. Not that its a bad dish but when compared to the other entrees they have I feel this would not be the top choice for me. Overall great service and decent prices for good food. It may be alot more expensive than what most people are willing to pay for in a food court but I think of this as fine as dining in a food court can get.", "business_id": "3r2-QTeRWn0_Er3624El7g", "stars": 5, "date": "2010-12-06", "type": "review"}