{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "_US3cVaa650_7pwQcpKJeQ", "review_id": "LOEkvJ0Jhnug_aZ3_la-5w", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-07-28", "text": "I went to Bacaro with my husband this past weekend after seeing a very positive review on the Phantom Gourmet. I'm also a huge tapas fan so the concept of Italian tapas seemed intriguing. We arrived for an 8:00 reservation and were seated promptly upstairs. This is the more desirable seating area as you can see the view of Providence from the large windows which line each wall. There is also an open kitchen which adds to the atmosphere.  The first thing I noticed about the restaurant is how loud it was. My husband and I were shouting to each other sitting just inches apart. The ceilings are very high so the acoustics aren't the best, but minor issue. We received our menus along with slips of paper to select our tapas. I ordered a glass of Prosecco with white peach puree. I'm still thinking about it! What a deliciously light and summery drink. My favorite thing about this restaurant is how inventive the menu is. They were participating in Restaurant Week, but I was so enticed by how large and unique the menu was, I had to bypass the Restaurant Week menu. We decided to order a bruschetta tapa to start which was amazing. It was your traditional crusty bread with buffalo mozzarella, roasted red pepers, a sweet balsamic reduction and wild Rocket (arugula). It doesn't sound like much, but it was delicious. We also ordered a caesar salad which was good, but it's pretty hard to mess that up. I ordered a proscuitto stuffed chicken breast which was served over sauteed beet greens, mashed potatoes and mixed greens. My husband had sea bass served over a sweet corn and tomato salad. Both were delicious. For dessert we ordered the mini ice cream sandwiches which were yummy as well. Although they could have used some type of chocolate drizzle or dollop of homemade whipped cream. In Providence there are a lot of fantastic Italian restaurants. Bacaro is something different. The dining experience is interactive with the tapas concept, while still offering an abudance of full-sized entrees for the more traditional diner. All of the food-the tapas, the cheeses & meat offerings, the appetizers, soups, salads, entrees and desserts are all so unique and different from the same-old Federal Hill style Italian menus. It's a great spot worth trying!", "type": "review", "business_id": "wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A"}
