{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "W-SyRg4KEOwcRRA_hj3Txw", "review_id": "Q5LOXZ3Nz3n_9_bjesSsvQ", "text": "Thelonious Monkfish was packed, so I betrayed my old friends over there and jay walked across Mass Ave. to Yoki for a little late lunch.  Sushi Betrayal will not happen again in Central Square.  I ordered a lunch special with two rolls. I selected tuna and the eel/ avocado combination.  As others have remarked, you first get a bowl of miso soup (standard- mine was piping hot) and one of the most appalling salads I have had since public school. The cherry tomato and the iceberg lettuce were swimming in a pool of stagnant water and covered with overly sweet bottled dressing that had a brownish tinge around the edges.  My two rolls arrived on a long plate. The eel/ avocado roll was sitting on top of way too much bottled sauce and was also covered with a bit more. The eel was tasteless and chewy. The tuna was not fresh so I was only able to eat one. (They cut 20% off my bill.)  You are accosted with a blast attack of KISS 108 music as soon as you enter, which is a huge turn off in my book. I do not want to hear Call Me Maybe and advertisements blaring out of the ceiling while I eat.  There are two bars (one with flat screened TVs) and assorted seating areas. A big bowl of candy sits at the hostess stand.  Service was distracted and aloof. No one asked me how my meal was or came over to check on my water. I had to wait for ten minutes after finishing for my waitress to show up. I was so eager to pay the bill that I had my cash in hand and was tapping my toe to Lady Gaga.. When my change arrived, I dropped a couple of coins, so I was able to get a close up view of the floor which was not so pretty.  I paid about $10 and that was the best part of the meal. That and the ice water.  It's hard to write reviews like this. Sorry about reporting in with disappointing sushi news out of Central Square, but we will not be back.", "business_id": "PEv6gtuj01IMkVS_1hiCuw", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-09-12", "type": "review"}