{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "GX_UaOZNnS2iekRGDCExkA", "review_id": "CB6dVX-GG_RLqRHLYgp6Ew", "text": "No trip to Ann Arbor is complete without a stop on Bubble Tea Avenue... err, South University. Despite putting me a mile out of my way wherever I go, I still find myself hunting for elusive parking spots and daring the meters on my mad dash for the Bubble Mo Mo Tea Island crossroads. Ironic that Bubble Island and Mo Mo Tea sit almost kitty corner to one another. A case of weird coincidence that both businesses are there, or is it the Lafayette and American rivalry fought out Asian boba style? Pull up a ringside seat, grab your straw, and let the games begin! Mo Mo Tea feels more like a friend's living room than the stark, modernist pastels of Bubble Island. Tables are oases isolated from one another by broad gaps of space to the side and front of the restaurant. They have foreign language magazines and a rack of Hello Kitty inspired cell phone charms, keychains, plush animals, and eyewatering pinkness. The atmosphere is laid back to the point of curling up on a futon and falling asleep, with none of the 'Yeah, what are you doing here? Are you done yet? Order another drink!' frenetic vibe Bubble Island gives off. Having no interest in food, I came looking exclusively for the milk tea. Mo Mo carries a variety of milk flavours from Asian standbys like taro and mango to American favourites like strawberry, chocolate, and almond. The \"includes\" span typical boba, jelly, lychee, mysterious \"pudding\" I felt obligated to try, and squishy stars. They're roughly on par with Bubble Island, though Mo Mo's presentation is sloppier. I had a chocolate flavoured bubble tea with boba and pudding. After taking my order with efficiency and a big smile, the friendly young woman at the till transferred my order to the preparer, who whipped it up promptly. My overall enthusiasm dipped heavily on a few counts: 1. Price: $5.00 for a large bubble tea is ridiculous. Seriously, it's just flavoured milk, boba, and some powders mixed liberally with ice and stirred up with a large straw. I need to remember to ask for little/no ice. The actual mechanical effort for combining the tea is on par with peeling a banana. Boba is not an endangered commodity for all it might happen to resemble caviar. With competition across the street, couldn't they afford to lower prices? Apparently not. Goldfish, I'm also blaming you! Being from the Land of Boba, Canada, I am not impressed by the price. Mo Mo's prices make it a sometimes treat. 2. Taste: My tea was strangely chalky underneath the punch me in the face chocolate flavour. I mixed it up as best I could, but that unpleasant aftertaste lingered in my mouth. Blend the chocolate whey protein powder and coffee creamer with water, that's about the consistency, flavour, and wateriness of what I was drinking. Ice melting diluted the effect further, and it was not good. I finished the tea on account of being purely thirsty but the flavour is not one I will ever consider ordering again. I wanted one of those old-style milkshakers to try and force the stuff to dissolve and mix better. 3. Pudding: Ew. It fell apart and became suspiciously gloppy. Slurping up the pudding boba through a straw was like sucking down cake that fell into a puddle of iced milk. It was too sweet, the custardiness looked wretched and I conceded not to look into my cup once again. 4. Size: The plastic takeaway cups are pretty small even for a large. I'm not asking for a ginormous 72 oz BigBoba or something (okay, yes I am, but not with Mo Mo products. Let's get onto marketing this!), but a little more bang for the buck would be nice? I feel like I barely got two slurps down and, if the tea tasted good, that wouldn't've been nearly enough to quench my thirst. Cutesy restaurant in weird colours, nice staff, laidback atmosphere are pluses, but they don't make up for the bizarre taste, high prices, and uninspiring menu variety. Bubble Island squeaks out a victory, but it's still an unimpressive one until I can sample more of the evidence. Nomnom! ** PAID PARKING", "business_id": "1nhAxnJBv1tfBS8fJkeXfg", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-03-30", "type": "review"}