{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw", "review_id": "MguCge9W3p3-2eMfBURuew", "text": "I wanted to really like this place, I did. Like, REALLY like it. Instead, I just liked it. Like it as in, perhaps I won't go back again any time soon, but it wasn't the worst experience I've ever had. Mediocre - that's a good word to describe Noodles 102. The restaurant is nestled on a street corner of Ives in Fox Point. It's very sweet and charming inside; small and intimate. The decor was modern and I loved the red walls. Our waiter was a bit strange. I'm not sure if he was trying too hard to be cool and not trying hard enough at his job. My friend and I had ordered some vegetable/pork fried dumplings as an appetizer at the same time as our drink order. The waiter came back with our drinks and then we ordered our main dish. 20 minutes later we get our main dish and no appetizer. I made mention of this and he joked a bit and said that he had forgotten to put the order in. I guess that's okay? But I'm not sure how it could have happened considering the place wasn't packed, in fact, we were his only table. My friend and I both ordered the claypot baked rice dish, with shrimp. She had the ginger basil scallion sauce and I had the ginger oyster sauce; both savory. The claypot was full of jasmine rice, vegetables: broccoli, carrots, peppers, zuchinni as well as the shrimp and an egg on top. It was just alright. Certainly not the best I've had and I have that all to blame on another local restaurant that serves a MUCH better bi-bim-bap claypot dish which is stellar. I kind of knew going into ordering the claypot from Noodles 102 that perhaps I'd be disappointed, and I was a little bit. My dining partner quite enjoyed her dish and took her leftovers home. As previously mentioned, perhaps I'd stop back in and try another item from the menu because I can tell there is some hope here. I hope I have a different server as well.", "business_id": "RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-03-08", "type": "review"}