{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "_3lnLxwPzTCbcJWkWkGQOQ", "review_id": "ef7d2UqVautL3gG-0VE_6A", "text": "I had dinner with friends in October and really enjoyed it. Interesting menu, lots of choices. The service was fine. We had a great, friendly waitress. Yes, some forks were dropped on the floor and my dessert slid across the plate as it was being served, but that's not what these students are training for. The menu had a selection of apps, salads, sandwiches, pizza and entrees. We were told the menu changed seasonally and was changing in three weeks. I enjoyed it enough to go back again last night. They not only changed the menu but the dining concept. The menu is new, and divided into 5 course. You have the option of choosing any 3 or all 5 of the selections for one set price. And the price is low! 3 for $12, 5 for $15. That's right, five courses for $15. The portions are not huge, it's like a tasting menu, but they were fine. We chose 3 courses each. Two of us had salad, entree and dessert. My other friend had salad, app and entree. The salads were fine, just enough. The shrimp app had two nice sized shrimp with sauce on a toast circle. The filet mignon was probably a 4 or 5 ounce piece served on mashed potatoes with vegetables. The cod was served in a broth with some fava beans and pearl potatoes. Probably a 5 ounce piece of fish. We also tried the apple pie. A little more like a small tart served warm with ice cream. Brioche rolls and butter to start the meal. The three courses were fine for us but a big eater would probably want all 5 and for $15 it's a steal, really. I should have gotten a copy of the menu. From what I remember there were two soups in the soup course, an onion and a chowder. Three salads, three or four apps, five or six entrees and four or five dessert choices. We made reservations, but the place was empty. We arrived at 7:00 and we were the only people in the restaurant. Two other tables were occupied the entire evening. They do prefer reservations but I'm sure they would take some walk-ins as some reservations were canceled at the last minute. I do recommend the place. I will go again and suggest it to others. The things I miss with the new menu is no vegetarian option (although I didn't ask if they could prepare one for me) and no more pizza, which I really enjoyed. It's not the best restaurant you'll eat in, but the food was perfectly fine and the idea is to support the students in the kitchen and the dining room. From what I understand, if they are working in the restaurant they are near the end of their program so they deserve a dining room that is filled with more than just three parties! Go, support, dine. And remember, 5 courses for $15. Seriously. Try it.", "business_id": "-4P-EXfn-Urvkh6NHK4OTw", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-11-16", "type": "review"}