{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 6, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "t903_es-gp3abvdrIQutQA", "review_id": "jl6gAnKn-dvaKkaMZJD4LQ", "text": "After a first, unsuccessful attempt at trying to visit this establishment the first week it opened, on a quiet Saturday, and having to settle for another place due to the hour-long wait, I decided to take it upon myself to try again. This time, it was much later, at 4pm and there was no line, only a couple of patrons spread out through the place. The decor is weird and extremely wacky. Although it seems pretty cool at first, to me it seemed like they overused it and none of the stuff seemed very authentic; it seemed almost fake and like they over tried to do things... Whatever, I'm here to eat, not take a tour. The girlfriend settled for the house salad with grilled chicken, while I tried one of my all-time favs, eggs Benedict. We also shared a mojito milkshake.  I can see why people love the place, the food is really good and tasty. They have a few interesting, minor twists like their homefries which have a kick to them. I loved it and also enjoying picking off my girlfriend's olives which were wonderful. They use quality ingredients and it reflects in every bite. But on the other hand, the bill was expensive! Considering what we ordered, I was expecting to pay somewhere around $21. Nope, it was $28, without tip. For 2 small eggs Benedict, a shake and a salad, that's not something that I was too happy about. I didn't fuss and promptly paid. Another thing too, it took us fifty minutes from when we sat down to when we paid. We spent about 10 minutes eating, so why the hell did it take them 40 minutes to cook such a simple order? We weren't in a particular hurry, and I know that the establishment is new, but still... Hopefully, if I give it another shot at some point, the service will be faster and the prices will be lower (although my hopes are down for the latter).", "business_id": "yx4IYpg9MGbrVqNdZwXX_A", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-06-04", "type": "review"}