{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 5, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "4k9xYbmyvRz3_YNJSzxTUw", "review_id": "hZ7j2b5yuxfy0s6aozJezA", "stars": 5, "date": "2007-09-04", "text": "Maison de Mode is a little bridal boutique tucked away in the middle of the Rice Village.  They sell unique European wedding dresses that you won't find anywhere else.  They are decently priced, as far as wedding dress go.  Expect to pay $800 - $2000 for a dress; they are a mid-range dress shop after all.  \n\nThe staff is amazing and some of the most helpful people I have ever met.  I got my wedding dress from them, they altered it there, were able to take it to a cleaner they do business with for me, and kept the dress in the shop until I was ready to take it home.  They even let me borrow a petty coat so I didn't have to buy it on top of everything else.  It was great to just go to one shop and not have to go anywhere else for cleaning and alterations.  \n\nThey only stock one of each dress, and while you can order one in your size if it is too small, I feel the best part is knowing that you have a dress that no one else is going to have.  No, you aren't going to show up at your wedding and see a woman wearing the same dress as you, you never are, but the benefit to this over someplace like David's Bridal is that you can get something that isn't your run of the mill, mass produced wedding dress that doesn't cost $5000+.  The fact that the staff starts to learn your name as you come in over the year before your wedding makes things very personal.\n\nThe owner of the shop also stocks and makes some of her own evening wear, mother of the bride dresses, and flower girl dresses.  If it weren't for the fact that I'm still a student and living off of student loans, I would totally be in there all the time buying dresses to wear on the town or on a cruise.  Expect the non-bridal dresses to cost about $300 - $600 dollars, and no, they aren't poofy.  I've seen a lot of girls go into the shop for a prom dress.  I would much rather have a prom dress from here than the prom dress I had senior year that was a poof nightmare and set my mom back $500.  I still don't know why my mom bought me that dress....", "type": "review", "business_id": "l7M-ZBXptxbIn7PXz4lR8Q"}
