{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "vYy9lyeEJh8Oufh_71os5A", "review_id": "2_qeRmUGfhB7LGQ2N2sVtQ", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-10-09", "text": "The Heights is an excellent place for lunch, if you don't mind the country club atmosphere.  The lunch menu is great - a good number of delicious lunch entrees are served in addition to a more standard salad and sandwich menu.  Portions are quite large - but at least you have a chance of finishing your lunch (forget about finishing the dinner portions).  Service is generally quick and attentive - the lunch crowd appears fairly regular and it's a good place for a business meeting.\n\nNow, the dinner scene I have mixed feelings about.  I think the menu is rather overpriced - sort of.  It seems perfectly reasonable, if you consider how much you actually are served.  The portions are beyond enourmous, so I can understand that a lot of food can cost a lot of money.  Now, it seems expensive though, when you consider how much you actually want to eat.  I would really rather not pay $40 for an entree, when half of that entree is going to go to waste.  I would gladly pay $30 for a normal sized portion of food.  I realize that a person can take leftovers, but we're not talking about some basic big old bowl of noodles here.  The food is rather carefully prepared, and I can't imagine much of it holding up in a microwave.  It's just not the kind of place that I expect to walk away from with a doggy bag.\n\nIt also feels overpriced, because the food is not consistenly good.  I have had mediorce meals there, and I have had very good meals there.  I would be more easily willing to pay the prices were I able to fully expect that I would be getting a very good or excellent meal for the cost.\n\nNow, the last dinner I had there was definitely one of the best meals I have eaten at the heights.  I ordered an scallop appetizer special, which was fantastic, and then a trout entree special, which was also wonderful.  My husband had the meatball appetizer, and I loved that as well.  \n\nIt's interesting how this worked out, because my goal in ordering for this particular evening was to ask for the most fragrant menu options available, because the restaurant smelled absolutely horrible.  My husband and I agreed that it was a strange mix of portajohn, perm, and alcohol.  Luckily my plan worked and the stench did not register again until after dessert.\n\nThe desserts were okay, and have only ever been okay.  I would not go in with high hopes on the dessert front, unless you get the molten chocolate cake.  All molten chocolate cakes are great - that is why every damn restaurants has one.\n\nAll in all, the Heights is alright.  It's weird to be in a restaurant that seems to cater to both hoity college kids, as well as the country club types.  For now, I'll definitely keep going for lunch, and maybe return for dinner once in a blue moon.", "type": "review", "business_id": "U51HmRCmyf62KTj_rVtdcg"}
