{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 3, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "xvO9nXzsQqUaUJXHZsCOzQ", "review_id": "F5TgTlCw5Zl-AJGGT5v0ZQ", "text": "Hmmm maybe I should give this place 4 stars due to the steep hike up the stairs to get to their mesmerizing patio, but the friendly bartender/ waitress, the food, and the friendly and interesting convo with my girlfriend and fellow Atlanta Brewing Company followers/ friends made up for the stairs. Everyone needs excersise right?!?! lol I had never been to this location and wasn't really trying to considering i've honestly never been impressed with the other Six Feet Under. There isn't anything technically wrong with the other location, but I can't say i'd ever say to my friends \"We've got to go to...\" or \"Man i'm craving a ... from .....\" Anywho, I was definitely surprised and pleased with this location. Besides the construction and mess going on in the neighborhood, which I think will look beautiful in the long run, this place is pretty cool. Large bar and restaurant/ western bar style seating (I don't know why I got a coyote bar type feeling from this place but I did. I could totally picture someone doing shots of tequila and doing the Cotton Eyed Joe dance on the bar. lol) and of course the patio.  I think i've cheated and fell in love with....a patio. lol This patio is awesome and I can't wait till these semi cold Atlanta nights get warmer because you will definitely see me and probably some of my friends hanging out on this patio. What a view!!! The midtown city skyline is just breath taking from this patio. Geeezzzzz. Anyway, it's a very nice view.  Moving on to the service and food. Our bartender/ waitress on the patio (I forgot her name) was super friendly, patient, and helpful. The food? The food was good. I'm honestly not a fan of fried food but I went with the catfish platter which included fried catfish filet, coleslaw, hushpuppies, and a side of corn on the cobb which I actually substitutted for asparagus. It was great.  All in all I had a really great time. Enjoyed the atmosphere, the service and the food, and I definitely think my friends who were with me would agree. Kudos to Six Feet Under for opening another in my opinion better restaurant.", "business_id": "cEC3lx06tjhMOAomZnD1Sw", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-03-27", "type": "review"}