{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "MUGwM7EPiMhTXb8h_kFB9A", "review_id": "Pf9FHFyFDqqQ2recIzDFrg", "text": "I'm teetering between three and four stars here.  While the Estancia is a ridiculously beautiful, clean, and luxurious establishment, it's not as homey or welcoming as I would like it to be. I stayed here with my family members while my sister was getting married (she didn't get married at the hotel though).  This hotel is strikingly beautiful, both inside and out.  It looks like a secluded, isolated Spanish estate (and I've heard that the bricks it's built from were taken from some historic site) and the rooms and surrounding gardens are impeccably cared for.  The room itself was neither big nor small, and was unremarkable, with the exception of the bathroom, which was very nice.  The bed was not as soft as I'd have liked it to be (ie, you could feel the individual springs in the mattress when you turned over), although the sheets and down comforter were very nice. I guess the only reason I'm not giving this place four or five stars is that I somehow felt like the service was lacking.  While none of the staff were rude or disrespectful, there was a general air of disaffectedness that was a little off-putting.  If I'm staying at the Super 8, I don't care how nice the check-in person is, but honestly, if I'm spending close to $300 a night for a hotel room, I would like to be coddled.  Just a little.  Also, the valet-only parking was a little obnoxious, especially since the valets seemed to be a little b!tchy and totally fished for tips based on what your car looks like.  I happen to drive a nicer car (not my own--I'm a broke-ass graduate student), and I definitely got dirty looks when my tip didn't meet their expectations.  However, those reservations aside, I'd definitely stay here again, and would recommend it for anyone who wanted an exceptional or special hotel.", "business_id": "zjDwn8LynUzPTeuEkPbRcg", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-09-27", "type": "review"}