{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "1ka59C95MHqeeRvDX-nadQ", "review_id": "IoSkzLEHrBjn6jx-M1fWNw", "text": "Wow, bad service at apple. So today I stopped by to see if by chance apple might have gotten a case (any case) in for the iPhone 4. Of course they haven't and the reason why you ask? Well one of those \"specialist\" explained to me that the \"bumper program\" is still going on and when it ends they will get cases for the iPhone 4. Really? That is what apple is waiting for, I think not but hey what do I know. He went further on to ask if I got my bumper case for my iphone 4 since today was the last day. (which only made me want to say I would ge back thus weekend and see all the new cases, but I bite my lip and kept my expectations in check ... Low, very low.) He said I had to download the app to get it. Of course, I took the bait and ran. Downloaded the app as I stood in the middle of the store. Which popped up to tell me, :p no case for me. No reason of course, but a 800# to call if I had questions. HINT: here comes the bad service thing. Like the DA (dumb a$$) I am I walked up to one of those people with a tshirt that said \"ask me anything, I'm here to help you.\". (NOTE TO APPLE, GET RID OF THESE, THE PEEPS AND THEIR SHIRTS.). They had to be smart because they carried a iPad, a radio, one of those secret service radio curly headsets, and a paper schedule. (YALL KNOW THAT THERE IS ICAL ON THAT IPAD THAT IS IN YOUR HAND.). Now I didn't ask one, I got two of these \"specialist\" ... why does it say I'm not eligible for one of these free cases that the guy over there said I better hurry up and get mine. Both of thrum looked at me with such a deep conviction that they had never, ever, never, ever, never, seen such a thing in all the time they have been with apple. That there is no reason at all why I should get such a message. But, with a flash of light like a signal from above ... She heard the steve say, \"did you call the 800#?\". I could go into the smack of stupid I felt at that moment but let's move forward. I DID call the number and finally spoke someone that got a bit flabbergasted because he couldn't tell me how many times everyday he gets these calls and how it has been put out on more then one occasion that the free bumper case is good for only 30 days of original purchase. All of this time to find out something so simple. How is it that .... oh never mind.", "business_id": "VWQRiOMxmGiCbVnViwSMAA", "stars": 1, "date": "2010-10-01", "type": "review"}