{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "SIP1Dfwy1M0HWzdgGg9H9g", "review_id": "Bix0Kj2qCQWhGShKLTKm5Q", "text": "It hurts me to give them only 4 stars, but hear me out. Perhaps I'm being too picky, and perhaps it's not fair, since I've been going to their shop for over a decade -- back when they were at the much smaller location in back corner of The Garage, and when they still had competition from Anime Crash and Sasuga Books.  Now that Anime Crash is gone and Sasuga left Porter for Waltham, this is the last big anime hangout that I know of in the metro Boston area.  It's not like it used to be, even though it's bigger.   Now, Tokyo Kid is a great place if you're a young kid just getting into anime, or a fan who needs their basic stash.  By stash I mean posters, wallscrolls, figurines, toys. The store also has rentals and hefty English manga section.  Props for the Jpop CDs and Japanese snacks.  All these things make this store a popular pilgrimage spot for New England anime-geeks out in the 'burbs.  (I know, because I was one.)   Tokyo Kid used to have a lot more obscure items that were legitimately hard to find anywhere. That's a complaint I sometimes find myself saying and something I hear a lot from other people too -- but I think that's not really Tokyo Kid's inventory as much as it's the proliferation of online anime stores.  The market is so fragmented now and there's so much niche competition that you can pretty much find ANYTHING online. So the stuff Tokyo Kid keeps in stock in the store is the stuff that's going to move fast, i.e. the vanilla popular stuff.  So can you really blame them for trying to stay in business by mainly serving that crowd? Not really. The owner, Andrew, is a walking encyclopedia of all things anime and jpop. Seriously if you have a question about anything -- ANYTHING -- he can help you out. And he's very friendly to folks who don't know anything about anime and are just looking to buy something for a friend/S.O./child, so it's not like talking to Comic Book Guy or anything.  I used to be a little harder on this store because it didn't specifically cater to weirdos like me who really like obscure stuff.  But if they even tried to there's no way this place would still be around.  Tokyo Kid's been a staple in Harvard Square for over 10 years now and I really hope it continues for even longer.", "business_id": "hVBGVQNgTQPlaftzRdu2IQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2007-02-16", "type": "review"}