{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "fPmI1Wh4AUxdW_an1_bXHQ", "review_id": "f9psdYXQA7uETaAW-ZqCIQ", "text": "Have gone here a few times for dinner with the hubby. The sushi here is very fresh and I think well made. If feel like it's not the cheapest sushi or the most expensive, it feels mid-price range to us. It's one of our favorite sushi places in the city. Their crab rangoon is SO GOOOODD. It's one of the few places that makes their crab rangoon fresh. Every other place just buys it frozen and fries it and you can tell. They also have a good (though not extensive) wine list. This place would be great for a date night or dinner with a small group of friends. Their service from the front door to the wait staff has always been very friendly and good. Good table service, not too annoying, but always checking in at good intervals. For dinner (especially on friday and the weekend), I would recommend making a reservation. We've only had to wait 15 minutes or so without one, but why not just call ahead? This place is nicely decorated, very chic and simple. It's a little smaller, so I'm not sure it would be great for large groups (and I would definitely call ahead for a group!). Some tables are a little close together, but the tables along the windows are very nice. I know sports fans will groan, but I sort of wish the tv's in the bar area were turned off at dinner time. The place seems so chic and nice and then the game is on...I don't know, maybe it's just me. My only other tiny gripe is that the lighting is a bit bright at night. I feel like this is a Cambridge/Boston thing. Not sure why so many restaurants need full light on. A dimmer light at night would be nice to create some intimacy/ambiance, especially when the tables are so close together. I've never been for lunch, but it looks like they have some amazing lunch specials! If you work in the area, I would check it out. Overall, though, I really like this place and recommend it for some fresh, great sushi!", "business_id": "G7iw9QSWBMyB05yvq-xs4Q", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-06-21", "type": "review"}