{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "XJjG_Z0EfNfEbkBi_QSfIg", "review_id": "hWH0H38lq4H6MB7qs39unw", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-12-13", "text": "We tried to come here on a few occasions but there were always huge lines. Finally made it here last Saturday. I heard alot of good things about this place, especially the music. We got there at about 9:30. DJ was supposed to go on at 10, but didn't until about 10:30, no biggie. The first hour of music was god awful, something like when you go shoppin in town and there is a house DJ spinning weird, extremely long, bass driven songs. After that the music got great. Alot of stuff I would never think would work in a dance atmosphere.\n\nThe real problem came when I was leaving. There is a huge bathroom line at this place, since they have three single, unisex restrooms. I was walking past the bathroom line to the coatcheck, when i was shouldered by a bouncer. Stunned, I asked him what the problem was. He told me I couldn't skip the bathroom line. I explained I was getting my coat from the coat check. He let me by, and told me that he was gonna walk me to the coat check to make sure!. On my way back, I explained to him that his shoulder into my chest was not needed. This caused him to start referring to me as a \"jersey shore\" person. I am guessing he thought this because of my italian heritage. I could have easily said something back to him, because his race is that of minority descent. I chose to basically laugh to myself and walk away. He then notified me that I was a wise-ass guido and that i was \"banned forever\" and had to leave. I explained to him that I was already leaving, and that I would probably never come back anyways. He continued to harass me outside, making comments about Italian people, and even dropped a couple Guido bombs on me. While he did this, all the other bouncers stared at him like the loud mouth fool he is. \n\nThis experience was enough to make me not want to go back to this place. Stuff like that does not bother me at all, but why go back and expect this lame-brain to start with me again. ITALIANS BEWARE ESPECIALLY HAHA!!", "type": "review", "business_id": "G4K5wXUe3aZ387yS1Gju7A"}
