{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 3, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "yCpE2Mf8RKdKjkhNxL7MVQ", "review_id": "09xe7rhvzw4On9cGbmi50w", "text": "When I'm in the U-District, I always go to Thai Tom. I hadn't even bothered checking out other nearby places because Thai Tom = the bomb. However, Thai Tom has some downsides. It's small so there's nearly always a wait, and since there's so many people waiting I often feel anxious and like I should be hurrying to eat and leave as quickly as possible. Although I like watching the cooks, I often feel claustrophobic in there. So I decided recently that I should start branching out and give another place a chance. I ordered phad see ew as hot as possible and was pleased to find that they only charge 50 cents for tea. Many restaurants charge $2, and some of them even bring you a teabag in a cup vs. a real pot of tea. Their prices are also lower than many of the other thai restaurants.  The first thing I noticed was the woman behind me yelling. She'd ordered a dish which she believed contained broccoli (although I doubt it said so on the menu since the menu descriptions aren't lengthy). The conversation went something like this: Woman (pointing at a piece of cabbage): \"What the HELL is this?\" Server: \"Napa cabbage.\" Woman: \"That's disgusting. That's just disgusting. That looks like something that came out of the garbage.\"  She ranted for awhile about how this was completely inedible and she wanted broccoli. The server offered her another dish with broccoli. She declined yet continued to rant about broccoli. Server: \"You complain about something every time you come in here, yet you keep coming back.\" Woman: \"OMG GET ME THE MANAGER!\" She then went off about how horrible the server was, how she was a valued regular customer, etc. while I and all the other employees looked at her curiously. I don't think any of us knew what more could be done than what he'd already done (apologize, offer her a different dish for free, etc.) She told the owner that he was a \"liability to the business\" and stormed out. Then we all laughed. I am happy when I order spicy and it's actually spicy. That's rare. Like most Thai restaurants, they have a variety of vegetarian options and you can order pretty much everything vegetarian.  I was in a hurry and I was able to get in and out very quickly... my food arrived almost immediately and service was very prompt. So I'd definitely recommend giving this place a chance.", "business_id": "1S1x7GT-cCinChE4bK-q8A", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-06-29", "type": "review"}