{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 5, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "6mjCJH8uZVeSEamNPyz05A", "review_id": "Nk4MbC2jl1p_1zB41cX50Q", "text": "I truly don't mean to sound cocky when I say this, but when it comes to pho, I know what I'm talking about. My grandmother cooked pho, my mother cooked pho, I lived, ate, and inhaled pho, so it was only fair that I would grow up cooking pho and eating pho. When Le's Restaurant used to be Pho Pasteur, I was a little itty bitty kiddie fan. When my mom was too lazy to cook food, we would all go to Pho Pasteur and have dinner. The bowls used to be bigger than they are now and the broth was nicely flavored because they used tons of beef and bones to make the stock. There were so many big chunks of beef that my dad would end up being the guy eating all the leftover beef cuz the kids would never be able to finish it. It would be the best night ever cuz besides Pho Pasteur, we never really cared to eat out except for like...McDonalds, but hey, that's a different review. The reason as to why Pho Pasteur became Le's is because employees for Pho Pasteur were being treated unfairly. They were being paid below minimum wages and soon after, the Vietnamese employees went on strike. Pho Pasteur would not budge and instead, hired a whole bunch of Cambodians and Hispanics to work for them. Once Pho Pasteur became Le's, no one in my family, including my extended family, came back. It has nothing to do with the change in employees, but it was so apparent that there was a change in taste and service that my family decided against and my mom was left in the kitchen to slave over a pot of boiling beef bones. I refuse to discourage you all from going to Le's. If you enjoy it, then please do eat it. But I have only gone once since I was a child and that was months ago and I regret it still. The beef broth was tasteless and dull, noodles and beef were lacking, but it didn't even matter cuz the food didn't taste like anything anyways. I always go to have a nice big bowl of Pho to cure my hangovers and I came to Le's to satisfy and I won't return. There are so many other places that have quality Pho with better service. To go to Le's would be like going to McDonald's for a qualtiy burger, sometimes it satisfies, but there are plenty other places that you can go instead. Besides, it's not like Le's is any cheaper than other places.  Anyhow, take it from me, Le's food isn't good enough and on my scale, won't ever be unless they start actually cooking their food with a little more flavor.", "business_id": "V7z-P1aqxkHTcKAsWA603A", "stars": 2, "date": "2008-10-13", "type": "review"}