{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "1cmIxH2IY-m8bMKN0IJ0Zg", "review_id": "C6rRAzovn6C4INK-aEoFGQ", "text": "This review is from 6/27/11. I mistakenly posted it under \"Rock Bottom Brewmaster Dinners\" I don't go to Rock Bottom often. I've probably been there less than a handful of times in the 6 years since I'd graduated college. My BF complains about how the food sucks, but I brush it off because he always orders steak and I would assume Rock Bottom isn't a steak kind of place. I, for one, have never been disappointed by my standard order of mac & cheese.  We decided to try Rock Bottom last night for the first time in years, mostly because it was convenient. We didn't feel like waiting for a table, so we sat in the bar area. I didn't expect service to be awesome in that area, so this review will be on the food only.  I decided to branch out from my usual mac & cheese and ordered the Hickory Bacon Chicken sandwich with a side of mac. Yeah...I'm pretty sure that there was a reason I only order the mac. First of all, it's a personal pet peeve of  mine when menu descriptions don't include the different veggies a sandwich has. Maybe I need to be more pro-active about asking, but seriously, that's the last thing on my mind when I order food. So this sandwich comes with a TON of shredded lettuce, red onion and tomato. Fine. whatever. The sandwich looked delicious but messy, but it's a BBQ sandwich, what else would I expect? In theory, the sandwich seemed awesome, but in execution, it was below average. The buns were toasted, which was good. The BBQ sauce had a slight tang to it, but wasn't really memorable. There was a lot of bacon, which was good because restaurants often skimp out on the bacon. The chicken was horrible though. It was one of the driest pieces of meat I've eaten ever. So disappointing! I couldn't even finish it and kept looking longingly at the small serving of mac I had ordered on the side.  I will probably listen to my BF next time and go somewhere else. If I do come back, it'll only be for the mac & cheese (which honestly is better at other restaurants anyways!) Also - parking can be a pain sometimes!", "business_id": "oIgx5AEdeBnsibH7GJc2fg", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-08-23", "type": "review"}