{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "pG9y1uv735_8gqz3-fK-Bw", "review_id": "X6HnpDMw7_MOZV7_QBewnA", "text": "I should preface this by saying I'm not a sushi expert, but: this was probably the best sushi experience I've had. For starters, the ambience: good jazz played quietly in a small space that doesn't feel cramped. Complimentary green tea - good, strong green tea, too, not the watery stuff you get at most places. No corkage for BYO. After sitting next to an intoxicated, arguing couple who were two bottles in at a different place last week, I appreciated the \"one bottle per two people\" limit. Veggie croquets were tasty - I think they were mostly mashed potatoes with occasional niblets of corn, peas, and carrots, breaded in panko and perfectly fried, without any greasy residue. They came with an addictive sweet sauce. Shrimp dumplings might have been my favorite part of the meal - soft and stuffed with perfectly cooked shrimp, little pillows of heaven. Between the 4 of us at our table, there was a fair portion of the menu represented. The sashimi was portioned generously, as were the rolls. As others have mentioned, all tasted extremely fresh, and the rolls were very well balanced. The highlight at this place seems to be eel, as our dragon roll (eel, avocado, sauce) was the most delicious thing on the table during the main course. Somebody mentioned that the miso soup was powdered - I'd be surprised if that was the case. The soup had the swirly quality I get when I make miso soup at home. I don't think that happens when you use powder. I think it blends with the water a bit better. Maybe not, though. Either way, the miso soup was okay. I was afraid this place could be an overpriced let down, but considering the quality and the portion size, $20-25 should plenty to fill one's belly. Factor in the BYO savings, and this is a perfect spot for a date or a group outing.", "business_id": "RqzSCEYRzFGQdaN9NmipoA", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-07-18", "type": "review"}