{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "DHTAcCJ1YXQVOE0F8c2_dA", "review_id": "sDu2xEQEwSSNb2J8IXZioQ", "text": "Henrietta's Table is alright. We came here for Valentine's Day dinner to try a new restaurant. We were promptly seated even though we were about ten minutes early for our reservation. I find it strange that the hostess doesn't give you menus, having the waiter bring them is just awkward, and he was awkward enough on his own. Honestly, the service was the biggest reason that the restaurant doesn't get 4 or maybe even 5 stars in my book. We ordered a bottle of wine and weren't quite ready to order our entrees and starters, which apparently means that you don't get bread for a really long time and then it takes a long time to have your order taken (despite the section being relatively empty).  We ordered a cheese plate to start which was very good. The jam served alongside was absolutely delicious and the cheeses were very fresh and flavorful. The bread basket was ample when it finally arrived, the bread with fruits and nuts was the best, the honey bread could have benefitted from salt. The crab and corn chowder was pretty good and served whimsically in a little cast iron pot, though this too could have used seasoning. Andy had a HUGE salad, which was served in a nice bowl. Our entrees were the star of the evening. Andy had the lamb shank which was melt in your mouth good. I had the Yankee Pot Roast. It was so tender and flavorful. The bed of mashed potatoes and gravy were also delicious and substantial enough that I couldn't finish the whole plate. Our entrees were well seasoned and robust. I think had we thought a bit harder, we would have ordered a side dish or two to share. Something green or otherwise textural might have elevated the experience, but that was our mistake.  After reading the other reviews here, I'm sad that I was too full to order dessert. EDIT: After reading many of the other reviews, I've decided to upgrade to 4 stars, because, like many others, I really thought it was a 3.5 star experience and everyone else rounded down.", "business_id": "1iY5q6spBS_DNWyemY829A", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-02-14", "type": "review"}