{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "9QKC2RetTDpsJ0ABMsm2Gw", "review_id": "xcTfHOEEyWJT23-12K4pDA", "text": "The wait:  pretty bad the first day! I waited in line for an hour before getting inside the door, and there were these two azn girls who wouldn't move forward because they wanted to stay in the shade, therefore always leaving the person in front of me, and myself in the searing hot sun. PS I almost passed out from heat exhaustion.  The service: I wish that they sold water outside for the people who were waiting, I almost passed out, but once inside they were very attentive, every worker in there was stressed due to the large business they were getting but they promptly took my order and rung me up within 2 minutes. The one bad thing is I asked an employee what she would recommend, and she recommended dark chocolate, I told her I didn't like that, and she was like, \"oh I don't like chocolate either\".....then why did she suggest it.  Most important, the taste: I ordered Strawberry, Vanilla, Red Velvet, and Coconut Lemon. So far I have tried the Strawberry and it is nothing like I have every eaten before, it was very tasty and very scrumptious. I would get it again, although I don't know if it fits up to all the hype the celeb's are giving it, maybe I will have to try the Red Velvet next to see.   Overall I will go back for more, once the hype dies down. 15 dollars for 4 cupcakes is reasonable too.  UPDATE 10/22/08 There is little to no line now, especially nearing closing time. I was there around 6 to shop at Williams Sonoma, and noticed no line, so I walked in, there was about 4 people in front of me leaving me right by the door while inside. Who ever that damn fat lady was that opened the door behind me shouted EXCUSE MEEEEE!!! and preceeded to shove me aside so she could start curving the line inside around the tables and chairs, I wanted to tell her there is a reason that the line goes outside, and she should wait there like she was supposed to but I was so livid about her actions I left.  My point is, they have you wait outside for a reason, so wait outside. And Sprinkles here is a note, if you have POPULAR cupcakes always keep them on hand, I came there specifically for a Strawberry cupcake, the last one was sold before my order, and they said I would have to wait 30 minutes, F that. Thanks. Sorry I have to Minus a Star now for the past couple experiences. C'mon!", "business_id": "VeiGa7h8p1I2yAIfgZjgtw", "stars": 3, "date": "2008-09-23", "type": "review"}