{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "-ZIURK0xT_RYrg7MtcMpAA", "review_id": "avI7k-BLj9v_g7TfFAc8Vw", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-09-08", "text": "I just got back from getting my septum pierced by Owen and he did a great job. I have a pretty deviated septum but I think he made it look pretty straight. He tells you everything you need to know and he's super laid back and funny but still professional. The last \"body mod\" I got was my second ear piercing in middle school (how rebellious, I know), so I felt like a total n00b, but Owen made me feel very at home and answered all of my stupid questions. He was able to easily locate the \"sweet spot\" and I barely felt a thing, despite my pathetically low threshold for pain. (It really does just feel like plucking a nose hair.)\n\nBefore I met Owen, though, I was determined to give this place a maximum of three stars because of the rudeness of the woman in the jewelry shop. I came into Chameleon and said I wanted to get my septum pierced and they sent me to the jewelry shop where I would pick out my jewelry and get signed up. When I got there, the woman gave me total attitude from the start, and when I said I wanted a septum retainer and she asked what size and I said I didn't know (I mean, come on, I figured they would explain this stuff to me), she rolled her eyes and scoffed \"well, I can't help you much there.\" I was just about to ring up my $10 retainer (again, no idea what I was supposed to be doing at this point) when my girlfriend stopped me and said \"wait, she's supposed to sign up here,\" and THEN it dawned on this woman that I was getting my septum pierced for the first time and she picked out the CORRECT piece of jewelry I actually needed. I mean, obviously if someone walks into the store completely clueless and doesn't even know what size jewelry they need, and you know that you're the person in charge of signing people up for piercings, you should put two and two together, no? Anyway, I left the jewelry store feeling like a total square and pretty grumpy. But, in the end, Owen made up for it all, and I can only really knock Chameleon down one star.", "type": "review", "business_id": "0FzXdnDqbb0CRf4cYIz8hA"}
