{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "nT3tLANzGy0a7DuB_GIQjA", "review_id": "NblxB2jCQRrJCkS4VxCN6g", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-07-19", "text": "This review is for the experience I had at Jax during the Geeks Who Drink Arrested Development trivia. While I realize this experience is (probably) not reflective of their normal service, I think they definitely could have done better. The trivia started at 8; people were already trickling in around 6.\n\nParking: Tiny parking lot, only room for about 15 cars. You could park in Breed's after 7, but people who arrived before that had to scavenge for street parking. In West Campus. Pfffft. Also, they didn't have bike racks. You're right next to campus, aka the highest concentration of bicyclists in Austin. \n\nService: So you have a crowd that is 3-4 times larger than what you're used to. You'd better train your waitstaff like a Best Buy preparing for Black Friday. Our waitress screwed up our beer order twice. We ordered Shiner blonde and got Shiner, then we ordered Fireman's 4 and got Nevada Pale Ale. Both times she said she couldn't take it back and give us the correct one and made us pay for it. Also, the first person that arrived ordered a beer and received it about 20 minutes later (this was before the rush.)\n\nFood: Just terrible. Based on other reviews, it sounds like normally their food is pretty decent, but tonight it was pretty awful. They had a \"special\" menu instead of their normal menu. It was a pretty small selection. Basically you could choose between the rib plate ($9.99), sausage wrap ($5.99, tortilla wrapped around a sausage), hamburger ($5.99), cheeseburger ($6.75, who knew American cheese cost so much), veggie burger ($5.99), or chicken sandwich. If you wanted fries, add $1.50. The waitress asked us how we wanted our burgers, but it turns out that didn't even matter; they all came out the same. Let's just say the burgers they hand out for free at events on campus were about par with what we were eating. Cheap, pre-cooked patties (mine tasted gritty, like they hadn't cleaned the grill beforehand). Not only that, they were about as filling as a burger from the dollar menu at McDonalds. I get that having a smaller menu helps your kitchen fill orders faster, but talk about compromising on quality. They could've at least added some salads on there for the vegetarians. In my experience, salads are pretty easy and quick to make.\n\nI think the last straw was when the waitress informed us she could not split checks, and could only take one credit card per table. You should let customers know when they FIRST sit down about this policy. Especially if you are right next to campus. She got very aggressive when we tried to tell her she should have let us know at the beginning of the night so that we could have gotten cash or something. \n\nOverall, this location just wasn't suited for such a large event, and Geeks Who Drink is just as much to blame as JAX for poor planning. Terrible parking, terrible food, and a pretty sucky payment policy. You can do better.", "type": "review", "business_id": "T2UJ1qCwH8vTWB6q6I_qWg"}
