{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 6, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "zNaDJXGjGro-kwu37h4e3A", "review_id": "h77Ho_shfyiMXIsYOoWmww", "stars": 5, "date": "2007-09-10", "text": "We didn't know what we were getting ourselves into when we decided to visit the LBJ Library and Museum.\n\nThe entrance to the museum is currently under rennovation - so we were a little hesitant to go in when we first arrived, but we glad that we went in.\n\nAdmission is free. LBJ did not want anyone to be turned away from visiting the museum and library.\n\nWe started on the 10th floor - where the Oval Office replica and display dedicated to Lady Bird Johnson were located. As we meandered through the other floors, I had memories of when I was very young.  LBJ was office - but I remember when JFK was shot and the Vietnam war. I remember the day that Martin Luther King. Jr. was shot - but since I was so young at the time, I didn't understand the impact of the event. Some of the displays, quotes and memorabilia of the major events that occured (JFK and MLK being shot, civil rights, the Vietnam War) were haunting. There were old televisions (not the HD TV's like we have today!) that were displaying old newscasts by Huntley and Brinkley - geez! What a throwback to the 60's! On the light side, the story of how LBJ and Lady Bird came to be: their courtship, family life and love and devotion for each other were admirable. \n\nWe were told by the docents that Senator Johnson was going to be speaking in the auditorium. I guess Mondays are really slow days for the museum - my b/f and I were the only two people in the audience (besides the security guard) that were present for the actor who played LBJ during his campaigning years prior to becoming a Senator. We got to converse with the actor (who kept to his LBJ persona) and even took pictures!\n\nWe spent more time at the museum that we thought we would have. I was very impressed as I didn't realize how influential  and how many good things were accomplished LBJ and Lady Bird were while in office. \n.", "type": "review", "business_id": "qnJ8FQPgJ1Jq-3G9l1fB3A"}
