{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "3R63fCkHyVNX3iauLdPaoQ", "review_id": "5b33UOsDVMKD2rEAnC9uUw", "text": "OK, OK... first time trying Peruvian food ( I know, I know, for shame). I've heard a lot from Peruvian food in the last couple of years. Having a lot of Peruvian friends in College, I always heard how good it was, and what not. Then I read in the Wall Street Journal how Peruvian food was poise to be the next \"Mexican food.\" That caught my attention. I found this restaurant through \"of coarse\" YELP! It had a good reviews, it was next to USC OK OK I'll stop sometime.  Friday at work, warm day, I was craving some good flavorful food, so MO-CHICA was my destination. Side note, I called all my friends and nobody wanted to go with me, so I went by myself, whatever.  So Friday late afternoon came, I didn't want to drive in LA because traffic sucks, so I took the blue line to end the day of work (I live close to downtown so it works). At the blue line I walked from Washington and Grand, to Expo and Grand (I'm use to walking down 103rd street in Watts, so this was no biggy). OK I'm at the restaurant, I start off with an appetizer, the Causa Peruana, which consist of potatoe, avocado, crab, a sauce, topped with some special items. Really good, the taste worked together really well, tasted fresh, especially for a hot Friday afternoon!  For the main coarse I ordered mariscos con arroz,, which consisted of oysters, octupus, shrimp, rice topped with onion. WOW again really good, food was fresh, and the dish was loaded with flavor, explosion of flavor. The only thing that was missing was a good beer, I don't think they have a liquor license thought.  My previous impression of the USC area was that there were not that many spots to eat, but this restaurant, and market in general reassure me that they exist, as long as we ignore Figueroa.  This restaurant helped me be a fan of Chef Ricardo Zarate, can't wait to try his other restaurant PICCA in the Westside, and even more excited for his upcoming restaurant MO-CHICA at 7, in downtown, I live close to that. One last thing, plates are supper affordable, for all I had, including tip, my total was $26, that included appetizer, main coarse, and a juice. Thank YOu MO-CHICA I'll see you at 7th Street!", "business_id": "3r2-QTeRWn0_Er3624El7g", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-03-19", "type": "review"}