{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "9R2B75C37gJo9cH0TjTTgw", "review_id": "M6Ab34zm56474SzIHR7Bug", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-02-09", "text": "Comet Coffee is a hipster coffee house tucked away in Nickels Arcade on South State St. Walking north on South State you'd probably never see it, but it's one of the best kept secrets when it comes to great coffee in Ann Arbor.\n\nComet Coffee's interior is very modern, though somewhat cold on the inside.  Soft foam green walls, white tiles and black tables and chairs give it a sort of modern kitchen-y feel, but this works for it in that the place usually feels very clean.  You wont be finding any plush chairs or sofas to sink into here.  Part of the problem is that the space they're working with is small and not suited to seating more than maybe eight people or so, but finding a place to sit down is not always guaranteed.  \n\nWith the roar of the grinder, the occasional explosions of steam from the espresso machine, and the constant pumping of music Comet Coffee is not the greatest place to have a relaxing conversation. One of the baristas had to yell over the noise in order to tell me the password for the wireless, which unfortunately didn't work. \n\nSince I'm not a coffee connoisseur, I can't contest to the aroma of the beans or any of that other nonsense, but I can tell that this is really, really good coffee.  Easily the best in Ann Arbor.  Unlike other coffee joins, the preparation Comet's coffee is not reduced to a couple of squirts of syrup followed by a slap of hot milk and a shot of espresso; they take time, probably five minutes or more in the creation of every drink and top it al off with a beautiful pour-over design.  \n\nComet's pastries are another small piece of happiness; they're buttery flakey croissants remind me of the ones I tried in Europe. Delicious.\n\nVery friendly, helpful, though very casual; think friendly hipster and you're in the right direction.  Most of the baristas are very knowledgeable about the menu and can easily explain it upon asking.  Should you like, you can get a free shot of sparkling water to accompany your coffee.\n\nUnfortunately, somewhat steep; a dulche de leche coffee cost me almost five dollars.  While I've heard that regular coffees are a little over two dollars, plan to spend about twice the amount that you would compared to a chain coffee place... But I'm willing to pay extra on occasion for quality.\n\nWhenever I go to Comet it's to treat myself to a beautiful cup of coffee, or to impress my friends. Due to the price and the somewhat chilly atmosphere, I knock it down a star.", "type": "review", "business_id": "IotuxJ8M1kDe9lK-cd1asQ"}
