{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "Vg6tiLrldqBQdRjK643QBg", "review_id": "PjJRA91O6z6kX9HE-OO7zg", "text": "A friend described this place to me as a place for Indian rolls and wraps. So as soon as I got Cambridge, I tried it out. I walked in expecting a kathi roll place (like the amazing Kati Roll Company (KRC) in NYC). But is quite different from KRC, in concept and in taste. The concept is clearly \"inspired\" from the burrito chain Chipotle. A bunch of main filling options (chicken and lamb, and paneer-potato-beans etc for vegetarians), a bunch of toppings (standard ones like onion, pepper, jalapeno, rice, and some Indian ones like cilantro). Choices of bread to wrap it in (paratha, naan, flatbread). And a bunch of chutneys (sauces). Priced at roughly 5-6 dollars (20% discount if you get 2). I got a chili lamb wrap in paratha with spicy chutney. Not bad. But nothing that'd make me sit down in orgasmic delight, as is the case at KRC in NYC. The lamb was decently cooked and seasoned, the chutney was competent. But there's scope for improvement in the taste department. Really succulent and perfectly seasoned meat and delectably put together chutneys in the KRC way will help this place transcend another level. On pure taste, I'd have given it only 3 stars. I added the 4th one for the novelty of the concept. An Indian restaurant 2.0 if you will, going beyond the standard Moti-Mahal type joints or the chaat-pav-bhaji snack places common in the US. Another innovation of theirs I liked were the 50 cent samosas. They're tiny, and could taste better, but form an excellent accompaniment. As opposed to a full fledged normal sized samosa which will take care of half your appetite, these samoslings if you will, are a good option to have, which can be emulated. They also offer Naanini's (paninis using naan), but I have never been a big fan of the concept, so didn't try them out. Oh, and I fully agree with some of the other reviewers about the wrapping skills part. You are worried about the thing falling apart in your hand. They should wrap the whole thing snugly in paper like burritos or kati rolls or even fat sandwiches are. But overall, solid middle of curve taste, low prices, and novel concept make it a place worth trying out at least once.", "business_id": "sizgsuBgbH1ShRE5iDTjxA", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-08-10", "type": "review"}