{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "_enimvPXr5KnQZ0znq4zqw", "review_id": "qmI7ac5pYUOzTNbf9qF6xw", "text": "OMG, this was like the worst experience ever. I know its a new place and all, and we are super happy to have new cool places in Harlem, but really... We arrived at 11pm, place was full but not too packed, waited 15 min. for the to clean an empty table for us to sit at, while there are 4 workers standing around, doing nothing, we waited for the waitress herself, who was busy, to clean it. Than, the nice waitress gave us some recommendations, and we ordered. 20 min. later, we still didnt get our drinks. People at the bar seemed very happy chatting with the bartender, and after 2 min, the waitress came and said \"I'm sorry, it's the 4th time I shouted at the bartender, I'm sure this will help. Drinks arrived, they were way too strong, and you could tell they didnt spend enough time making or tasting them. At 11:45 our food hadn't arrived yet! Waitress never came to update us, and only when we looked upset (I mean, it's a burger!) she said it's almost coming. Again in the meantime, the owner was sitting next to customers and chatting, the manager, chatting, cook, chatting, and bartender, guess what? Chatting with the cook! We told her, that if she knows it takes soooo long, she should have told us, or at least get out something complimentary to nosh on, a bread, some fries, something to take our mind off of starving, and she rolled her eyes and said \"Let me see what I can do\", really? At 11:55pm we cancelled our order, and, were billed for the drinks, which we hardly touched. Last min, when we were about to leave, the manager said the drinks are on the house. We left a tip and left the place, very hungry and frustrated. I have been in the restaurant business for years, i know how hard t is to open a new place, but A. take care of the customers, make sure they are drinking, talking and noshing on something and distracted from the fact food takes forever. Drinks should come out super fast, it also helps the money flowing... B. if you have 5 employees, make sure they do their job and not socializing on customers expanse. C. if a customer is leaving bc they didn't get their food, either get the food super fast and give them the meal for free, or give them a future meal for free, so they would come back! I know it's Harlem and we dont have so many places but Harlem Tavern and the Beer Garden are so good, why would you want to create a bad reputation? Might try it again in the future, really hoping they''l get their act together!", "business_id": "OZtXG5DUsJZrtMFWodCNnA", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-06-23", "type": "review"}