{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 3, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "W4T9QstrQg5sACAOaFU9Dw", "review_id": "Y4lBsUnDL2AAIHqQV3_AOg", "text": "The food truck fest at santa anita was a complete mess today. The lines were 2+ hours and the trucks (including No Reservations) were running out of BASICS like fries after 1 hour of being open. Maybe they didn't understand how busy this fest would be, but there is absolutely no excuse for how rude they were amongst this madness.  After waiting 1 hour in line planning to order the vegetarian wrap ( the only vegetarian item on the menu), a lady came out and added a \"sold out\" sign on top of it, adding to the list of the many thing that were sold out. At this point we've already invested the time and being the laid back veggie i am, I thought no big deal , I'll order \"rosemary's baby\" wrap and ask for it without chicken. Maybe they'll even give me a discount! Instead when I finally got up to order and asked for the wrap but without chicken, the lady told me No, very rudely.  She leaned back to half ass-ley ask her manager who also told me NO. I guess they were NOT in the mood to save their chicken which is funny because as we were waiting for our wrap the lady came out and put a \"SOLD OUT\" sign over the rosemary's baby wrap. Maybe if they had saved their chicken....  I will also mention that it took over 30+ minutes to receive a VERY basic wrap that should've taken no less than 5 minutes to assemble. It was very oily. $8 for a wrap the size of my fist is kind of a joke... Again - I totally realize that most of these trucks had no idea what a mess they signed up for, but there really is no excuse for being rude and not accommodating very simple requests ( especially when the customer has invested as much time as we did and they were selling out of things left and right).  Extremely disappointing experience at \"No Reservations\" and I can say I will never go to a food truck fest ever again.", "business_id": "21Hhze2wdfGpnS8v49ydbQ", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-01-29", "type": "review"}