{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "aU8saUu9QhSFvnYeUsxO-A", "review_id": "E95rAvB4sIYF38pzPsYB4g", "text": "Baker's has been around for 26 years, and although I've driven past it many times when I lived there, I had never visited. Upon reading positive reviews on Baker's Cove, I made a reso for a Father's Day late lunch. It's a small, cozy restaurant. The aroma when we walked through the front door was lovely.. garlicy with the scent of sea air. Karolyn, the owner, greeted and served us. She was friendly and had a bright smile. The menu is quite impressive, I knew what to expect from my research. Despite the great choices, I knew what I wanted to order. Classic fish and chips.Turns out our table all wanted the same thing, so we ordered the family fish and chips and ordered the battered mushrooms as an appie. First of all, you know when you've had really terrible batter? Or worse, you can taste how old the oil? Well not the case here. Batter is made in-house and is so light, and tasty. The oil was not an after taste in our mouths. The fresh batter and deep fried shrooms are served with an in-house made dijon/dill sauce that was a perfect accompaniment. Fish platter came, it was awesome. FRESH delicious, light and not greasy. Not one drip of oil on my plate. Served with mushy peas and coleslaw. The french fries were decent.. not the best I've ever had. I would have loved to see them serve fresh-cut with skins on the ends. Like fry trucks, you know? The tartar sauce was fresh, homemade and in a squeeze bottle. Perfect for peeps like me who have no shame in covering a large portion of their plate in sauces and condiments. Overall, I will definitely be returning and trying the maple fish with lemony potatoes and other delights on the menu. The seafood platter looks awesome too. Karolyn has a little hidden gem in this little mall and you should go check it out if you want quality seafood that's fresh and obviously cooked with love.", "business_id": "Q_-zh8OKJ5lqkna2m-1qXQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-06-17", "type": "review"}