{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "O3WTUXUe0a3OM2NENcCuiA", "review_id": "IMOJ96rni6TGxdFdeac4_w", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-11-10", "text": "OK, so perhaps my attitude is with the situation, so the taste of the donut soured for me.  A few weeks ago, when I was playing around on Yelp, I came across the reviews for Sublime.  I shared the site with a few pals at work, they were practically drooling on the screen.  This morning, I was on my way to Krispy Kreme to get donuts for the office for someone's birthday, checked my e-mail and noticed that there was a Groupon for Sublime.  $6 for 6 donuts.  This must be meant to be, the birthday boy was the one drooling on the screen the most!  I changed up the plan and took off to get us some.\n\nI decided to just get one of each, about 18, so that we could be sure that we had a nice assortment of donuts for the group.  They did NOT have the Red Velvet today, which was my reason for wanting to go.  They also do not have the donuts labeled in the case, so it was hard for me to know what all I was getting.  \n\nMy co-workers enjoyed the treat, the birthday boy which was the greatest of all.  I don't know that I'd be up for paying $25 for 18 donuts again, I could have been just as happy with some standard 'hot now' donuts and had quite a bit of extra cash in my pocket.\n\nI don't know what Kamal puts in some people's donuts to cause them to decide that they should send a message to another Yelper who decided to share their opinion.  I enjoy Yelping, it gives me freedom to express MY opinion.  If anyone else has another opinion that they wish to share concerning their experience, please do so, but my opinion is just that - MINE.  Don't insult me ever again, I wouldn't touch a Dunkin' Donut personally, but if anyone else likes it, I love it for them.  Thanks, lets all continue Yelping to our hearts content!\n\nOH - and in case you never noticed, in a shop such as this one, an owner would be crazy to not sell out everyday, not like you can recycle the product for the next day.  It would be foolishly wasteful & could make the price go up some more...", "type": "review", "business_id": "iG8DnZCnKHH_KYC8pG14NQ"}
