{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "SrXMkzrKb-rvLAtbFsdmyg", "review_id": "hl59QF66zW2xHCsCRs7jdA", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-08-26", "text": "I recently moved to the area and desperately needed a haircut.  I was excited to find this place because of the mostly positive reviews and decent prices.  Unfortunately, my actual experience at the salon was less than stellar and I will not be going back.\n\nI made my appointment for 10:45 on a Tuesday and at 10:15 I was about to walk out my door to walk over when I got a call.  The receptionist told me that my stylist couldn't make it and could I reschedule for a later time.  I get that these things happen, I used to work at a spa- but only 30 min. before the appointment?  I was a little annoyed, but I shook it off and came in an hour later than scheduled.\n\nWhen I got to the salon, the receptionist was very friendly and had me put on a robe.  I waited for a few minutes and noticed the salon was decent looking.  They made really good use out of the space.  One stylist was working and chatting with his client and it seemed like they were having a good time.\n\nThen Alex came to greet me.  She gave me a fake, too friendly hello and whisked me away to her chair.  I told her I wanted 2 inches off the length and layers around my face- real simple.  That's when the my positive experience at Alfred Harvard Salon ended.\n\nShe did not talk to me once after the initial consultation.  No \"how are you?\", \"how did you find us?\", \"how are you doing while I tug at your hair?\" I found this to be really unpleasant and awkward.  I understand sometimes you don't want your stylist blabbing on but give me a little customer service!  Instead she just looked mad and had a sourpuss face on.\n\nThe worst part of the haircut was that she tugged at my hair so much that it actually hurt.  She also kept brushing over my ears.  Do you not know where the ears are?  Aren't you supposed to be a hair stylist?  When she went to blow dry my hair she moved my hair around with her hand- I get this technique, I do it at home.  Except I don't hit my head when I do it.  She was honestly giving me a headache and I had to speak up and tell her she was hurting me.  And trust me, I'm not one to speak up unless something is really bothering me.  She asked me rudely if it hurts when she brushed my hair.  Um, no, not when you don't hit my head with the hair brush!\n\nIn the end my haircut was decent, mediocre.  She only took off one inch (I had asked for two) so I will have to get my hair cut again soon.  I could have received the same haircut and probably better service by paying half as much at supercuts.", "type": "review", "business_id": "rmiYCZaCoqNysrxAnEhbgA"}
