{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "yfK0Od09W_D5jzXBzRgnlA", "review_id": "T58-WjOCJWOMbsF2iWOiWw", "text": "Yet another foray into using my groupons to try new eateries. I've lived in Bloomfield for going on three years now a did never stepped foot into WG Grinders. I'd held onto the groupon for a while and on a nice evening we got a case of beer and some food from this sub shop. The place was pristine clean and empty. The music was deafening though, which made the fact that the place was completely empty unsurprising. It's set up that you order at one end and pickup at the other end. I stood for almost 5 minutes while two employees stood at the food counter and talked. Once someone finally acknowledged me I mentioned I had a question and the guy tried to start taking an order immediately, I had to mention again I had a question. This got a dramatic sigh and the response, \"What.\" If I hadn't already paid for the groupon I would have walked right out. I mentioned the groupon and asked if they can take it from my phone and not from a print out. Once again I got a dramatic, \"Aww come on. Look I'm not the regular manager, I'm a temp from back in the day.\" When I didn't respond to what he had said he then asked the other girl who was working who promptly and politely took care of me. She took my orders and the two 10\" subs totaled $16.05 with my $16 groupon this was a great deal. I've worked in a similar establishment and I could both see and understand the order screen. There were 3 orders on there and 4 people working. It still took over 10 minutes for the food. I'm not saying 10 minutes is an eternity, but when you have someone standing there watching one would assume you'd at least fake some sense of effort in making the food. Oh, the food... I had a 10\" buffalo chicken and the boyfriend got a 10\" steak sub. +: 1. Toasted fresh bread. 2. Great mix of blue cheese crumbles and spicy buffalo sauce. 3. 10\" is two meals worth for me. 4. Great mix of flavors in the steak sub. 5. Local business. -: 1. Clearly frozen chicken pieces. 2. A little too much buffalo sauce. 3. Steak was more like a lunch meat grade meat. 4. A little more than I would pay for something that feels on the same page as Subway. The pluses outweigh the minuses but not by much. I honestly can't say if I'd be back or not.", "business_id": "vNlJsfKKp968CZWr8J5xDA", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-03-19", "type": "review"}