{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "SGqW7FaPodl78nYzuu1GOw", "review_id": "-3sRBAGP7ym8oihP1F3Tug", "text": "So I had the BriteSmile teeth whitening procedure done here - (I paid $299 at Costco for the service). After you buy the card, you have to go online or call the 800 number to find a participating dentist (that specifically accepts the Costco card - not all BriteSmile dentists do). Anyway, I found Scripps Center for Dental Care on-line, called and scheduled the appointment. Then I had to call BriteSmile to confirm the appointment, authorize the payment to the dentist (scratch off Costco card to give them the secret number), then listen to a couple minutes of disclaimers, etc. That out of the way, the following week I went to my appointment (receptionist gave great directions by the way) - parked in the garage ($4 parking, dentist covers $2 of this), found the office, checked in 25 minutes before my appointment, filled out the usual paperwork and waited to be called back. About 15 minutes after my appointment time, the technician (I don't know exactly what her title was) called me back and situated me into the typical dentist chair and spent a couple of minutes covering the details of the procedure. She offered me 400mg of ibuprofen prior to the procedure to reduce sensitivity.  I chose three CDs to play (the portable CD player was ancient and the earphones a little worn, but the music selection was voluminous and diverse). Next she placed this, I'll call, lip spreader to show your teeth. Took a couple of \"before\" pictures, then inserted all sorts of devices into my mouth, one of which you have to bite on for more than 60 minutes straight. At first I didn't think I'd be able to keep biting that long, but it became easier with time. Then she applied the some material to my gum lines to prevent the peroxide gel from irritating my gums (this was hardened with that yellow light dentists use when the use bonding material on a broken tooth) - this took about 5-10 minutes (seemed longer). Next was the prewhitening liquid, quick, painless. The she applied the peroxide gel, and then 20 minutes of blue light (and an old Beatles CD with - ugh - commentary from the group). This seemed like an eternity. Timer went off, she came back, made sure everything was cool (and it was, no pain). Round 2 - I had some sensitivity in an upper left tooth which was like a 2 out of 10 in pain - nothing terrible. 20 more minutes, this time it was James Taylor crooning for me. This round seemed to go faster. Round 3 - she applied some more gum protector and more of the prewhitening fluid (which said helps reduce sensitivity). 20 more minutes (this time with Rod Stewart) - and this was painless. After all the gear was removed from my mouth, I rinsed and looked in the mirror and overall I was impressed - substantial whitening overall. I had two porcelain veneers which are not changed by this process, but were whiter than my teeth naturally in advance of the fact that I would have whitening at some point. More pictures, postop instructions (drink or eat nothing that would stain a white shirt for 24 hours, and expect some \"zingers\" - or sensitivity, take more ibuprofen if needed). Indeed, on the way home and into the evening I experienced some very brief but powerful zingers (mainly with breathing in through my mouth or a cool liquid). Sensitivity persisted through the next day, but no more zingers. Day 2, everything back to normal. Oh yes, they did try to sell me some touch up gel, but I declined since the BriteSmile website this whitening will last for years. I'm a little skeptical about that claim. Reasons this place didn't get 5 stars: 15 minutes late for my appointment, old music equipment (no TV watching option like pictured in the ad), didn't give me before/after pictures (also indicated I would receive), never saw a dentist (guess that wasn't really needed, but a quick hello would've been nice). Also, the BriteSmile process is a little like minor torture (mainly the hardware they put in your mouth and duration of time it has to stay there). Overall, good result, pain wasn't bad, technician was nice enough and guided me through the process. Not sure this is for everyone, though. A mild sedative might make this a better experience. And we'll see how long it lasts - if my choppers are still pretty white after a year, it'll have been worth it.", "business_id": "4eP7cij9LVVtoTU6pV46cw", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-08-14", "type": "review"}