{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 5, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "oAf9OkoaeE252ijLydHUqA", "review_id": "bICi4CCSMoBlv3bz5m7HMA", "text": "\"Pacci\" is named after \"Carpaccio\" which is one of Pacci's specialty items ... except I'm not a big meat/cheese fan and so we got another app instead. Their menu changes daily so it's very likely you won't see the dishes below or the menu items online. COMPLIMENTARY FOCACCIA & FLATBREAD CRACKERS I love flatbread crackers, and the sun-dried tomato tapenade was really the highlight. The tapanede also had Kalamata olives, garlic, capers, & olive oil. The really nice touch was giving us the recipe on a bookmark. MUSSELS & CLAMS ($9) Best part was the anisette cream which I could see myself eating for dessert :) The sweet broth tasted great w/ the grilled crostini that came w/ the dish - it's unfortunate the bread was pretty charred but at least our server was great about bringing more bread which was in better condition :) There were only a few mussels & clams though, and they were small, too. Clams tasted good but the mussels tasted a little fishy. Regretted that we didn't get the Marinated Grilled Artichokes - next time! Might even consider getting the Kobe Beef Carpaccio. Our server raved about their Bruschetta which also sounded good. AMUSE-BOUCHE Compliments of the chef, we got a taste of their fried wild mushroom risotto on goat cheese. Yum - you can never go wrong w/ fried :) FETTUCCINI ($24) I got the fettuccini w/ mussels, clams, shrimp, arugula pesto, and red pepper puree - b/c it sounded the most interesting among the pastas. The presentation was very colorful. Best part was the jumbo-size shrimp w/ arugula pesto - yum! But mad at myself for ordering this after also getting the Mussels & Clams app. Mussels (still fishy) & clams same petite-size. Pasta was bland. I got the full portion which was generous but not enough to make two meals. Next time I might get the half-portion pasta ($14). Among the pastas, our server raved about the Mushroom Risotto and the Pappardelle Bolognese. SEA SCALLOPS ($26) Scallops was the overwhelming Yelp favorite after reading all the reviews. I got a taste of my friend's, and I thought the scallops were very good, along with the wild mushroom risotto (yum), and then the sweet pea nage. Haha - this review is based on just one bite :) HALIBUT ($28) I almost got this dish but glad I didn't b/c I thought the fish was bland. The halibut came w/ mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, grilled corn, and corn butter. Again, this is based on just one bite :) I probably should've dipped the fish in the corn butter :) But my friend enjoyed his dish so that's cool. Secretly though I hoped that he would've ordered the Rack of Lamb which our server raved about. Oh well - I'll have to get that next time, or convince my next dining partner to get it :) Overall, I'd give Pacci 3.5 stars rounded to 4. Food was just 3 stars but it was the great ambiance and really excellent & genuine service that brought it to the top. Food presentation was good, too. The food is a little pricey though - definitely a special occasion place. Thanks Scoutmob for giving me a chance to check it out :) I'd definitely come back. The cocktail & dessert menu looked very tempting, too. FYI - valet parking is complimentary. Just remember to get your ticket validated by your server. And since you're here anyway, you should check out the AltoRex rooftop bar esp. if the weather is really nice.", "business_id": "8anBAtlbtpQZru9ejvVrhQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-10-19", "type": "review"}