{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "cj2sdZZ5-V_JdbpGkc-Tgw", "review_id": "GZIjiDELuCUM6JU99dfP6A", "text": "I'm sorry to be a detractor, but this review is warranted.  My husband and I were in Pasadena to celebrate our 11th wedding anniversary. Leaving our two kids with kind babysitters, we were so looking forward to spending our evening in a fine dining establishment. In fact, we canceled reservations at another upscale restaurant and chose Bistro 45 on the recommendations of local friends.  We were sold on the \"personalized dining\" experience and the fact that they would provide us with memorable service - or so they promised when I made the reservation and told them it was our anniversary.  Well, memorable it was. Our server didn't even bother with our table for almost 10 minutes after we sat down (after he tended to a table of 6 that was seated after we were).  And, instead of introducing himself and apologizing for the delay, he opened with \"cocktails or wine?.\"  We asked him for a suggestion and he looked at us as if we were speaking a different language.  Finally, I challenged him and asked what his name was.  He realized he had been extremely rude and tried to \"start over.\"  Fast forward to our meals. My husband's medium tenderloin was served to him cold in the center.  Cooked, but cold. My risotto was room temperature at best. We politely sent it back, and subsequently received 2 extremely hot plates, and the same cold food.  Finally, the manager got involved and ordered the chef to make a new risotto. My husband dealt with the steak because he was hungry and didn't want to wait any longer.  Sure, they comped our wine and offered us a nightcap for \"our trouble.\" But we weren't there to get free stuff. We were more than willing to pay for a fine dining experience on a special occasion. Paying for our bottle of wine does not make up for ruining a dinner with incompetent food preparation and service. The manager did make attempts to get us back in the restaurant with a coupon and apology, but the prospect of us returning to that restaurant when Pasadena has so much other wonderful dining to offer is pretty low.  I am so disappointed in this restaurant and the third-rate experience they provided on a very special evening.", "business_id": "MJMTsZ0ty0RCyUjF_6XVPg", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-03-05", "type": "review"}