{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "UVGr5pnvtHsczxOwhxtJ1w", "review_id": "6N5XUiaWfboH895SiSTjvw", "text": "One in the afternoon. The stagnant air is thick with it--the yeasty stench of shitty beer and perspiration, the peculiar odor of week old, reheated Fat Slice--it's NFL Sunday. Sure, you're locked into routine, but you should know that there's a whole nother world out there. One whose philosophy espouses tap brews, HDTV, and, most importantly, no sweatpants. Be better than your apartment. Be at Henry's. Here, you have, at face value, another dime a dozen sports pub. And, in truth, it is, but it's a nice one. There's the decent albeit largely pedestrian beer selection, elevated, overly polished faux-mahogany chairs, and dimmed, amber lighting. Throw in an assortment of televisions of varied sizes, though all viewable, and you have yourself a serviceable sport-media viewing experience. As a plus, there are always a handful of Raiders fans present every week, and it should be noted that there is no seasoning that pairs so well with any dish as their disheartened snot and tears.   The menu, in accordance with what many of the reviews before me have indicated, is largely overpriced, though, in it's own right, quite good. What's more, their seasonal pastas, surprisingly, are fantastic. Some of the best in Berkeley. With such gems as tomato cr\u00e8me and chanterelle (what hotel sports bar serves chanterelles? You fuckin serious here?) fusilli with broccoli, and fava bean, English pea orecchiette in a basil lemon butter sauce, you'll--and this is no small praise for a place with such outrageous prices--get your money's worth. The pasta itself is nicely al dente, the vegetables and individual constituents cooked perfectly...c'mon Gypsy's--if a sports bar can pull this off, why can't you? As a whole, this institution is worthy of any sports fanatic. It has all the makings of a good team-viewing bar, right down to the heckling, oversized jersey-clad division rivals. The fact that I almost ran down a pair of douchebag patriots fans (aren't they all?) for their antics actually adds to the experience.The ambiance is praisable, the service and pricing less so, and the food is a-ok (with a three-star rating to match). In conclusion, it's a bar.", "business_id": "XD5ybqI0BHcTj5cLQyIPLA", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-09-07", "type": "review"}