{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "NOSX_lFBzce4z38j6D_0Pw", "review_id": "SF94a6V8d7e78zDXuytAaw", "text": "Pros: coat check, excellent service by host Cons: bland food, expensive, patronizing service by waitress, decor Let me start with the pros -- the host and the bus boy were super professional, friendly, and had great timing (with coats, the bill, clearing the table, etc). Now for the rest: We caught the tail end of restaurant week, and glad we did because there's no way we would pay full price for their food. It was good for $33.08, but for the normal prices (about $25/entree) it would have been a big disappointment. The headline for this review should be something like: Somerville tries to be Cambridge, and yet again comes up short. I had the pate appetizer and harissa salmon. The pate was just bland and lacked the gaminess that I associate with a good pate, the whole-grain mustard accompaniment was underspiced (when have you ever had a mustard without kick, that was basically flavorless?) and the jam and fruit that came with it were similarly bland. The salmon was well cooked (flaky, tender, moist), but it's a _harissa_ salmon. Where was the spice? Where's something other than just the plain salmon? Also, the couscous on which it sat was severely underseasoned, and so bland that it detracted from everything else on the plate. My taste buds were not tantalized at all. The desserts were all right, but not spectacular. The lemon curd tart was appropriately lemony and came with a pile of juicy raspberries, but the tart shell itself was shameful -- I've done better at home. It wasn't flakey, it wasn't buttery (it was an all-butter crust) and it was hard as rock and a hazard to break apart at the table (bits flew everywhere). The warm chocolate cake was good (and came on a fantastic puddle of marshmallow), but a bit too gooey given that it was about room temperature when we got it. Drink-wise, he had a glass of Syrah blend which was just alcoholic and tannic, and took an hour to aerate in the glass to something drinkable. I had a pot of loose-leaf sencha with dessert. Now, I'm Asian and know tea -- the waitress reassured me repeatedly that it was steeping at the bar and when she finally brought it, it was so tannic that you could have used it to clean the floor (and sterilize your palate). Speaking of the service, it was one of those places where the chef has a presence in the dining room via his proxy (your server), who has definite views on food and how his food should be consumed. Dude, I am so sorry, but your food is just ok, even when I eat it the way the server tells me to, and no I'm not getting the essence of springtime dancing on my tongue. My friend had the chicken and waffles that the waitress recommended. What she said when she was describing the dish was that the chef had made the sausage himself to embody the coming spring, and what we got was a savory, heavy, wintery dish. Maybe my palate isn't sufficiently refined to appreciate the brilliance of EVOO. But if we're paying like $30-$60 pp after tip and beverages, we should at least not feel like we're ignorant peasants when we leave.", "business_id": "6Ax2uEsGQCE-2Oxqoe8BWQ", "stars": 2, "date": "2008-03-22", "type": "review"}