{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "nX7BYeo1mlelF_YJS7IBhQ", "review_id": "OA5x-JKh08rNZfCxi2hW9A", "text": "I love this shop for many reasons, but I particularly wanted to share my experience working with the owner, Steve, for my wedding. We decided to purchase all the beer and wine that was served at our wedding. Initially, we checked with a few larger stores in the area that came recommended by our caterer. However, we found those stores to be less interested in us and thus, unavailable to answer questions and actually have a conversation. By chance, I popped into Amherst Wines & Spirits after a frustrating visit at another wine/beer store on College St. I wasn't sure that Steve could supply wine for our wedding at a price comparable to the bigger stores. I was wrong. Here's why I recommend buying wine for big events through the Amherst Wines & Spirits: First, the entire process felt right. From my first conversation with Steve, it was clear that he was listening to what we needed and had a process for finding the right wines for us at a price that was within our budget. Second, he suggested wines based on our menu. While we had planned to go through a few rounds of tastings, we instantly loved every wine he picked. Third, he not only selected great wines that complimented the meal, but also suggested a nice range of wines that suited any palate. For our wedding, we ended up with one white, two reds, and a awesome bubbly. Wedding guests are still raving about our wines (note: we did not break the bank with our wine budget). Forth, his prices were on point with the larger stores. Fifth, he was willing to buy back any wines that were not consumed as long as the bottles were not damaged. Sixth, his recommendation for the # of bottles we would need was EXACTLY on point. Literally, we used every bottle that we purchased from Steve and did not open any of our back up wines. Seventh, Steve is awesome and exactly the kind of little business that you love to support.", "business_id": "atnFVYafrD79Zdsh8AWphQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-10-15", "type": "review"}