{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 3, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "aLVlT-WmoiiHX6F5zJJ60A", "review_id": "z41rrkmxYrImypMarAas-A", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-02-05", "text": "I am very picky about my breakfast - and I think this is among the best places for breakfast I've ever experienced. I don't see how anyone could fault it. I've been ordering my eggs \"poached medium-well\" for about 8 years now, and there's only two times I've ever actually received my eggs poached medium-well: the first time I went to The Breakfast Buzz... and the second time I went to The Breakfast Buzz. Usually, I end up with egg soup, which I've learned to tolerate, simply because it's so common. Imagine my delight when, upon cutting into the egg with the edge of my fork, it revealed an orange-yellow center that gently oozed, rather than poured, onto the plate - and the white: completely cooked but not rubbery. Absolutely perfect. Both times. That's pretty awesome. Then there's the sausage: tender and juicy inside, ruggedly crisp on the outside. I can't remember a better breakfast sausage - certainly not in California. The fresh fruit was good also, and they handle the espresso machine competently - not quite Peet's quality, but pretty darned good. Last time I went, I mixed it up and got the corned beef hash. Also excellent: a bit different than the usual; not as greasy. The only weakness was the orange juice which seemed like pretty cheap from-concentrate stuff, which I admit was a bit surprising considering the quality of everything else.\n\nYes, it's a bit more expensive than some - a breakfast here could set you back 15 or more if you indulge in coffee, juice, or sides. However, those who respond to the prices by dismissing the place as \"hyped\" are probably used to breakfast at Jack in the Box. Ignore them. Considering the quality, the prices are appropriate. If you want cheap garbage to jam down your gullet, the world obliges voluminously to this desire; certainly, you needn't come here if that's what you want. If you have a discerning palette and enjoy high-quality food, prepared by cooks who obviously care, this is the place you've been searching for.", "type": "review", "business_id": "TrJWZNa37kbv20lbvOm-rg"}
