{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "buuzhvVktkAIrThUBpK-Cg", "review_id": "j0EaKRqfC40iErIfGBkuDQ", "text": "We got married at BCC in August 2011, after an 18 month engagement.  We chose this venue after dropping the idea of doing it at the Brazilian Room in Tilden Park due to lack of any coordination at that venue being available, and concerns about out of town guests being able to even find it.  I first found out about BCC because I attended a charity event there years ago, but I was reminded of it as a wedding venue on herecomestheguide. I love that the BCC is also a B&B- many of our out of town friends and family booked rooms there and loved their stay.  We were able to get them a discounted room rate because of the wedding, and the front desk manager gave us the bridal suite for a night for free (I used it the night before the wedding since I was starting makeup and hair early for our 1 pm ceremony and we took pictures beforehand). First of all, as a Julia Morgan building, the architecture is outstanding.  This is the number one reason why we chose BCC.  We were able to get tons of amazing photos which we love, and our guests kept telling us how much they loved the venue. Second of all, having an on-site event coordinator was a huge relief for me since I did not want to hire a wedding planner.  I also really liked that they handled everything from the food to the set up to the cleanup and everything in between. I also was able to get a discount on the room rental rates because as a Cal Alumna, I am an honorary member at BCC.   NOTE:  Other reviewers have mentioned that it can be hard to get hold of Crystal and her staff.  I regretfully must partially agree, and this was the only thing I would wish to improve about dealing with BCC.  In general, Crystal was pretty responsive to emails, but I found that if I needed to get a response from her right away, calling her was by far more effective than email, and there were times where I called her to follow up on emails I hadn't heard back from her about.  Overall, having worked in customer service, I understand that they get backlogged, especially during peak wedding season, so I wasn't especially upset about it.  In addition, I started talking to her about my wedding plans pretty much immediately after we were engaged so I did a lot of long-range planning with her and never really felt like I was rushed to meet any kind of deadline. If you're planning your wedding on a short time frame or you are a person who tends to leave things till the last minute and then needs an immediate response, this will definitely be an issue for you.  If you are able to plan things well in advance and give people days or even weeks to respond, then it may not be a concern for you. Other than the communications issue, Crystal was a pleasure to work with.  She was very receptive to all the details I wanted to include, including placing paper fortune tellers on the tables, bringing in customized M&Ms and Jones Soda, which our guests LOVED, and hanging reflective bead curtains behind the sweetheart table.  When I brought her three or four boxes of things at the rehearsal that I wanted to use for the ceremony and reception, she took them gracefully, made a few notes on post-its that she stuck to certain items, and because I had discussed all of these elements with her already, knew exactly what needed to happen with them. Crystal was wonderful to have at the rehearsal- she told us exactly how they usually had the bridal party enter the ceremony room, and really helped make everything run incredibly smoothly the day of the wedding.  The only minor hitch was that when it was cake-cutting time, they didn't bring out a knife right away so we had to wait for a few minutes, but that was no big deal. The food was great and all the guests said they loved it. (I barely had a chance to try anything at the reception because I was so busy talking to people!  Make sure someone makes you a plate so you get to eat your food!)  I wish we'd been able to take home the leftovers but I knew in advance that we wouldn't be able to (it's in the contract) so I am glad that at least the leftovers were donated. Overall, we have no regrets about using BCC for our wedding.  We had a beautiful wedding at a price we could afford.  Everything went incredibly smoothly and we and our guests had a wonderful time.  The staff all worked to make everything go perfectly.", "business_id": "Xr2S-dlyHVYkoSHJEIm9fA", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-09-16", "type": "review"}