{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "cvVWP3SUWBiYN-R_GFzAHg", "review_id": "SDQ6KyhO_SyKpM-I78hQpw", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-12-10", "text": "I finally came back for their regular menu. Between the 4 of us, you wouldn't believe the amount of food we ordered.\n\nWe decided to do the prix-fixe menu -- two 3 course dinners and one 2 course dinner. Each set came with a side. We also ordered an extra entree, 2 cheeses, and a bottle of wine. Crazy, right?\n\nFor the cheeses we went with the Divine Providence (still good) and Vermont Ayr. The Vermont Ayr wasn't my cup of tea. One of my friend's said she liked it over the Divine. For appetizers we ordered the smoked salmon pastrami (still good), grilled balsamic portobello (very good), and crab cake (can't eat shellfish). For entrees we ordered the salmon (a bit overcooked, not flavorful), duck breast and confit leg (still delicious, with cranberries this time), organic grit cake (I think my new favorite. Very good!), and the pulled lamb shank (a lot better this time). The organic grit cake was very flavorful. For the sides we got the mashed potatoes (The best side -- I think they used Yukons? They were very starchy.), brussel sprouts (Slighty sauteed, very bitter, no flavor. Not good.), and butternut squash (I think they added maple syrup. Thought it was too sweet.). NOW, for dessert, we got the bread pudding sundae. I highly recommend that than the regular. We also got the pear tart which wasn't bad either. Bread pudding was definitely better.\n\nService was still great. We went on a Tuesday night so it wasn't busy. However, we didn't think that because we ordered an extra entree (we asked for the grit cake as the extra) that they would charge us the most expensive on the side. Of course! Duh! But whatever, we should've known better. \n\nSorry for the long update, but I had to write about the food. I'll be back since it was a good experience.", "type": "review", "business_id": "1iY5q6spBS_DNWyemY829A"}
