{"votes": {"funny": 7, "useful": 15, "cool": 10}, "user_id": "UVxY0iyPaqY7s4BSFtt-xA", "review_id": "Wewm5wWcn1FcSnlzXXcqWw", "text": "Continuing on the I-have-a-narrow-world-view-because-I-am-a-college-student theme, I came here, to Sushi House. Why? We were close by and my favorite relative felt like sushi, out of all the choices in this college town area. So Yelp found this the closest nearby.  It's in that tiny food mall on Durant, just above Telegraph. It's sort of like a suburban shopping mall food court, but the urban version that is open with small eateries. All the businesses have changed hands multiple times since I was student. Sushi House is a made-for-students type of place. Although there is a small sushi bar that seats maybe 5 people, nobody sits there to eat. 90% of the orders are to go. In fact, when you order, both the Chef (who appears Korean) and the new Latin cashier, both ask, \"to go?\" like they would prefer that.  There are pictures on the wall, that's how you order. Then when it is ready, you get your own chopsticks, grab a napkin, and walk your food to where you're sitting. It is sort of like Korean Sushi meets Chipotle, but slower and not as clean. Reasonable, but not cheap.  We had 1 order of California roll (standard 6 pieces)l, 1 Chirashi, 1 Arizona Tea bottle, and 1 canned orange soda. The cost? $26! Not exactly student budget saver prices. The Chirashi was just random little bits of fish thrown on rice.  The sushi here is not good, and it is not really sushi. A lot of junked up jive-ass rolls,  which probably many students who don't know better, actually like and think is good sushi. They are confusing other Japanese dishes like Teriyaki Chicken with similarly dressed Sushi. A lot of sesame seeds, teriyaki sauce, secret thousand island sauce, etc, etc. Everything but good fish, good sushi rice, and good spirit to make them with pride.  The Chirashi did come with a salad, and a bowl of miso soup, so it was enough food, but not good food. The donburi is cheap, only $6.95, but is served in smaller bowls than you would normally get.  I don't blame the owner, he is trying to scratch out a living in a tough economy, with often a lot of skittish and cheap students as customers. So he has dumbed down his offerings to match the main customer base, who is looking for quick, cheap food on the way to or from campus.  And if Students here, even though they are bright and attending the #1 public university in the country, perhaps the world, think this is good sushi, well, they are still living in that college student bubble.", "business_id": "g5S6Q9W0IwN5AEK3fNWzbw", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-02-17", "type": "review"}