{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "QhpD_YU3_RDMKjkH5DXMYg", "review_id": "2kHMOglh5zhFHNOzqCNxlw", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-07-31", "text": "OMG, this show was so beyond amazing, I don't even know where to begin! Even the little annoyances and hassles were well worth it to experience the bands and and immense energy and talent that is Rage Against the Machine. The Reeducation Camps were very informative and I hope that all the head-banging kids stopped there and learned something on the way to the mosh pits!\n\nYes, traffic was a byatch all along Exposition and Figueroa Streets but there were over 60,000 people packed into the L.A. Coliseum. Lots of security everywhere, which I found unusually reassuring only because so many people were in the pits-all three sections set aside on the field-and there were going crazy moshing.\n\nGood vendor selections of all different kinds of foods and drinks and I even grabbed a bacon-wrapped hot dog inside the Coliseum, and after the show, on the streets. Yummy! But it was hot there and lots of people were obviously drunk. Still, once the first three acts were done (El Gran Silenco, Immortal Technique and Lauryn Hill), the melting of faces began in earnest! Rise Against was really impressive and I liked how Tim-the lead singer- talked about veterans and then sang a song about them. Muse was-as usual-grandiose but wonderful. They really have a great light show full of strobes and all kinds of special effects that is showy but their music is awesome too. Some people think Muse might have stole the show from Rage?\n\nBut then Rage Against the Machine hit the stage and it was MIND-BLOWING! Intense, powerful, life-changing rock that was played so perfectly. The mosh pits were going crazy! A fire was even started but quickly put out. I was so transfixed by the show that I had a hard time walking back to my hotel. Then I had to take a knock-out pill to get to sleep, I was so revved up from the show! Now that's 5 YELP STARS all the way!", "type": "review", "business_id": "mgUuu6OwOra1tphlvvVgmQ"}
