{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "PhmneRPozf2cDIiFyGGlOg", "review_id": "AWEGIr4J6LIb12QoQX_GuQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-12-09", "text": "This to be complete honest, I saw this place a little while ago and thought, 'Oh a salon near me I have to check that out\" a few weeks went by and then I saw their ad in the buy one get one coupon book. I called and made a reservation for a brazilian blow out and facial. The gentle man who took my reservation was very nice and trying to very accommodating. They also have free parking. I walked in and the place looks amazing and as my fellow yelpers have said, it doesn't stink! I checked in the place had a gentle hum, customers but nothing crazy at all. I was offered drinks and food quite a bit, I guess I looking hungry! First was my facial with Katie Ilchenko, I was scared to have a facial because to be quite honest some people around here seem to over do the extraction leaving scabs that take quite a lot to heal. I wanted my skin to have a glow and be healthy, she balanced it well made it soft, clear, and smooth and a few days later still no break out! Hurrah! So then after I was blissed out for an hour it was time for my hair. I have a brazilian blow-outs before, one experience was great one was awful. Luis Tafolla looked like he stepped out of a high end fashion magazine, and I honestly I was scared to tell how lazy I am about my hair. I was honest with him and he took my life style into account, didn't try to up sell me or anything and my hair... I can't stop touching it! I adore it, I always try to wait a few days after a service like that to write my review and 3 days later STILL IN LOVE. I love it!  Also now that i have made appointment already I can spread the word because I am already locked! This place is a hidden gem! I work nights a lot but owner offered me to come back later when they have champagne for clients, sounds like a fun ladies night to :) Even without the boooze this place gives amazing service.", "type": "review", "business_id": "pbzOjEwQFqehYIAT5RmH6Q"}
