{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "LP59kBNEHmASJZWynra29g", "review_id": "ZWbIPRwk7guTtGH9ZsSnYg", "text": "Been a while since I've come here last and this time we brought our son along for his first time, so it is high time we initiated him to the Back Abbey burger. The menu has been updated slightly since the last time and my wife ordered something that I was contemplating for myself too. For myself, I have already been sold on the terrific burgers so it was time to try something else on the menu...  I ordered \"the Tip\", a grilled beef tenderloin on a toasted roll with caramelized onions, creme fraiche, and St Agur bleu cheese. The beef was a little on the dry side and slightly chewy, I sort of wish it was not sliced so thin but more on the chunky medium rare side as I think that this would help make it not so dry. I liked the creme fraiche and bleu cheese that accompanied it though, the sandwich overall was not too dry...  I never knew what Schnitzel was, I only knew that Sgt. Schultz on Hogan's Heroes used to swoon over it. It's Japanese Tonkatsu; panko breaded, pounded, deep fried pork fillets. Here they line a plate with it and top it with halved red grapes, frisee, and red sauerkraut, and tangy apple vinaigrette. A really hearty salad...  My son almost missed out on the Back Abbey burger as his plate was switched with another, a \"seasonal\" burger, but things were righted and everything worked out. He appreciated the taste of the Niman...  I liked my carbonated orange Gatorade, my son hated it and stuck to his Coke, and my wife had a Bavik, a Belgium pilsner; I didn't like it, I thought it was too light...  Service was ok, they nearly mixed up my son's burger with someone else's, but that wasn't our waitresses fault as someone else brought the food out for her, or was that the point?...  The burgers here are still one of the best, but I'm not going to repeat \"the Tip\" sandwich again, but the Schnitzel was pretty good...", "business_id": "81IjU5L-t-QQwsE38C63hQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-12-11", "type": "review"}