{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "e8ctA42_X95wLlrf09YZQg", "review_id": "CP0z2oG228-IEn5Wa5MnQg", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-01-18", "text": "I would give the Miracle of Science a higher rating as a bar than as a grill.\n\nIt's a small, laid back space decorated with industrial touches. It feels almost like a bar was set up in a (clean) mechanic's garage. There's a huge window on tracks that can be opened in nice weather to lend an outdoor feel to the bar, and everything inside is gray.\n\nThe beer selection is pretty good here. I enjoyed Left Hand Milk Stout, which is not that hard to find but is definitely not a sure thing on tap. I didn't try any non-beer beverages.\n\nAs others have mentioned, the menu is chalked on the wall in a cute periodic table format. It's a great way to enhance the theme of the restaurant, but hard to see. There's also seating directly in front of the menu, which makes it hard to see parts of the menu depending on where you're sitting. Also (nerd confession), I was a little disappointed that the menu didn't follow the actual periodic table but is just set up in table form with two letter abbreviations for each item. I know, I hate me too.\n\nWe ordered chips and salsa for the table, and I ordered a chicken quesadilla with a side of guacamole for my meal. The chips came out quickly but the waitress brought guacamole instead of salsa. She then did not come back until our meals were ready, so we couldn't ask for the salsa. We ate the guac, but some people at our table had really wanted the salsa. When our food arrived, I had a second side of guac with my quesadilla. \n\nThe food was just ok. The quesadilla was really basic--cheese and chicken in a tortilla--and would have been bland without the sides of guacamole and salsa. My husband got a chicken sandwich which he liked, but again, it was very basic. Others in our group enjoyed the skewers, which come with a plate of sides and some pita bread to make wraps.\n\nIn good news, we were not charged for the extra un-ordered side of guac. My husband and I ended up paying about $50 for our meals, 2 beers each, a share of the chips and salsa, tax, and tip.\n\nWe went on a weeknight, and the crowd was pretty lively. This is definitely a popular drinking spot. It seemed like mostly grad students in their 20s and 30s. It also seemed like the sort of place where people become regulars and begin to know the staff and other patrons (or maybe there were just some popular people in that night!). I would definitely come back here for some beers and hanging out. I'd just probably make sure I ate somewhere else first.", "type": "review", "business_id": "7MN8kNyuKDZtoSoVdZDCpg"}
