{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 6, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "LlbVOL-7iXOHJvOugCPkaA", "review_id": "nomozvmBXyXndYvYsoo2ag", "text": "I came to Studio Abassi in the Fall of my senior year in college, with a face full of acne. I had low levels of acne throughout college, but in an attempt to rid myself of it completely I actually ended up aggravating it to unbelievable levels. I tried Proactiv before, and that did nothing for me. The over-the-counter acne products made by Johnson & Johnson worsened my acne dramatically. Furthermore, benozyl peroxide dried my face out (and any attempts to remedy the dryness with lotion just created more acne flare ups!).  When friends and family began commenting on the dire status of my face, I decided to search for professional help. Studio Abassi had the best reviews on Yelp, so I went in for a consultation. It was easy to get an appointment (usually you can get one within 1-2 weeks), and Shannon (who runs the place) is a fantastic aesthetician. I learned so much about acne throughout the process too. Shannon not only helps you get rid of your acne, but she also teaches you some of the science behind acne prevention. I now know what foods and face products to avoid to keep my face clear.  I would definitely recommend Studio Abassi to anybody who is fed up with whack acne treatments on the market today. You might get sticker shock when you see the prices for the acne treatments (I was a very, very severe case and spent between $500-$750 over the course of 9 months), but you get a lot for the money --a program that works. I saw noticeable acne reduction in 2 months, and a gradual improvement all the way to 100% clear by the end 8 or 9 months. I was just so fed up with using products that didn't work (and wasting a lot of time researching them) that it made sense for me to go in for professional treatments.  Great staff, great service, great products.", "business_id": "y25g0m3iGR1Zq_n3T8kpzw", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-08-29", "type": "review"}