{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "UNqD-m5OjAA644RDTuVg3Q", "review_id": "oJRk1SrJXCCdkJhmXvcqLw", "text": "This is the 41st review of a lobster/crab roll joint I have written: http://www.yelp.com/list/lobster-or-crab-rolls-in-maine-west-bath.  I am starting to run out of places to review, so I am branching out from Maine.  I love food trucks and the idea of a lobster roll truck is inspired, it's just too bad that the food did not live up to the hype or expectations. Lobsta Love has been getting a lot of media buzz by surfing the Boston/Cambridge food truck wave.  The prices were fair as you can see by the menu I posted in the photos, especially when you consider they are in Cambridge and not the Maine Coast.  They have a unique take on rolls with the inclusion of an Iggy's Parmesan baguette and a brioche roll.  If you have read any of my reviews before, you  know I gage the fare based on the classic Maine roll, repeat after me: lobster meat  in just enough Hellmans to bind it together in a side split, buttered & grilled, hot dog roll - nothing more, nothing less. I have made some exceptions for lettuce and the regionalism in Thomaston of a hamburger bun. I digress.  Lobsta Love's lobster salad has pieces that were too small, in itself not a huge infraction, but the meat lacked sweetness and freshness. They added both celery seed and pieces of celery. This is a huge misstep as celery carries a lot of flavor that masks, as opposed to complements, the sweetness of lobster.  The crab salad is abysmal. If anyone is familiar with a Maine crab roll made from cold water Jonah crab, you will be disappointed. I am pretty confident the crab meat was either a Pacific or warm water variety. It smelled unappetizing.  The lobster mac & cheese was tasty, but akin to a decent frozen entree. From what I understand it is Annie's Mac & Cheese. They don't have lobster in the mixture, they place some of the lobster salad on top and dose it with cheese \"liquid\" on top.  Given their location and association between lobster and New England, this truck is poised to slay all the guided Harverd tours that walk by it.  Save this stop for the tourists and get on 95 North to at least the Rte 133 exit and then start looking for a lobster roll. http://homerusroll.blogspot.com/", "business_id": "RNIrkpCPA3V7oR6-eG-OUQ", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-03-25", "type": "review"}