{"votes": {"funny": 4, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "_fAgp3TRT1mBQbQHyMBAdg", "review_id": "tuRQG3YMp-i7U8a9E4WdXg", "text": "If you ball in Berkeley your first stop is always the People's Court.  Remember, games are played to 12 --or 16.  Grass and bricks are out and there is no backcourt.  Do you think you have the composure to keep your mind on the game while a sordid array of disenchanted crackheads frolic in your periphery?  Yes, that's right, there is ALWAYS a crowd at P-Park and whereas they might not care nor understand that you're playing 'basketball' nor even what day or gender they are, you can rest assured that they'll be there, lurking in the shadows.  They're just keeping you honest, because anyone that would go play basketball with personal effects deserves to lose them anyhow, right?  The water fountain provides surprisingly cold water throughout the day, along with several incurable varieties of hepatitis and even a couple of advanced mutations of influenza yet to be discovered by modern medicine.  Importantly, while walking across the grass keep your eyes peeled for errant needles and speckled patches of human feces.  If your ball happens to bounce off the court and into the field, I suggest just leaving it there.  There is also a convenient, onsite 24 hour bathroom facility available.  If the john is occupied, fret not.  There's a good chance that it's merely a PCP-addled vagrant bathing himself in used toilet water--in such instances, the CDC advises \"holding it in.\"  While inside you will notice an impossibly pungent air of festering urine and crack smoke.  If breathed, seek immediate medical attention.  If you are physically capable of returning to the courts after your staph infection has been treated, congratulations you have one hell of an immune system.  Finally, when a random heroine junkie threatens your life--midjumpshot-- with a used hypodermic you must aggressively avoid eye contact.  Just remember, if you deny his existence convincingly enough, he just might begin to question it himself.", "business_id": "FqQi-ExFm5xR9uNYhBIqNw", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-04-22", "type": "review"}