{"votes": {"funny": 12, "useful": 14, "cool": 14}, "user_id": "W81-CPVrM9c6F8XiNuEUvA", "review_id": "mP80DjS2bvYOeCcw5JNhrw", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-04-10", "text": "I came here on a cold Tuesday evening with Raymond R and one of our good friends for dinner. Ray had been craving a burger and her told us that this was THEE BEST place for a 'gourmet' burger. I was quite excited to give this place a try... \n\nThis place is not like your typical restaurant. It is a first come first served type of seating so sometimes it can be packed and you really have to camp out for a table. Last time we came here the wait was approximately over an hour, so I didn't get to try it until tonight... \n\nWhen I opened the door, the waitress informed us that we must find our own seats. I already knew that cause my friend had told me.. .. But even if she wanted to inform us of the house rules, she could have done so in a kinder tone.. .. At that moment the inside was so packed, so we settled for sitting outside. I approached the same waitress because I was about to ask her to clean up a table for us.. .. But once again she rudely told me it's self-seating.. .. no shit dude, im not dense -_-' \n\nAside from my turnoff towards the service, I noticed that there was nice ambiance outside. There were heating lamps and my friend ray even told me that they give people small blankets to keep warm. I thought that was nice of the establishment. \n\nMy friend went away for a bit, and I received a text from him telling me to come inside. Apparently he had found us a seat. The inside was very loud and there were smaller tables and a big table, or the bar area. We shared a larger table with other people and it was pleasant cause the people next to us were friendly. However I can see how the experience can go sour if you were next to annoying obnoxious people... \n\nWe waited a bit til our friend came, then we were ready to order. Since they were known for their burgers, I decided to get the Back Abbey ($13). I figure it must be good if they were willing to name it after their restaurant. Ray got the Back Yard ($11) and our friend got the Seasonal Burger ($12). All of their burgers come with a side of salad. We also ordered the full size Pomme Frities [fries] to share (approx $10)?? Ray also got a beer and our friend got 2 :) \n\nThe first thing that came out was the sauce tray for our fries. I was impressed with the sauces. My favorite is the green one. And then our burgers came. Ray obviously loved his. But our friend thought his was a bit dry, despite how they were all medium rares. I think I have to agree with him on that. Personally, I enjoyed the first half of my burger, but after that I was less impressed. Perhaps I was less picky when I was hungrier. The salad that came with it was delicious. I wish I had a bit more of the salad to balance out with the meatyness of the burgers. \n\nAfter we finished our meals, our friend wanted dessert so we got their French Beignets. If you dont know what that is.. it's sorta like a fancy version of the donut with sugar powder lightly fluffed on top. They served it with fresh strawberries and chocolate sauce... YUMMM!! That was quite amazing... \n\nOur bill came out to be over $80 O_O' I think this is a nice place to try out but I dont think I can say it is a place I'd frequent often. I'm not a burger enthusiast, but I don't this is the 'best' burger I've ever had", "type": "review", "business_id": "81IjU5L-t-QQwsE38C63hQ"}
