{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "fo9HKITZKiCph8vrrvdv-Q", "review_id": "Vn0Fc0jC9illdcn_3xsAWQ", "text": "I purchased a groupon for a 5 hour luxury spa day for myself & my friend. We scheduled it so we could have a few services individually...then lunch & mani/pedis together. Our appointments were at 10am.  SIDERBAR: When we walked in they never had us fill out an intake form about allergies, current medications, if you're pregnant or have certain illnesses (all those things that someone working at a spa NEEDS to know about you). I was so surprised that I asked about it and was told \"no, there's nothing to fill out.\" All I could think was \"what? why would I not need to sign some waiver of liability? that seems silly.\" I was rushed through a facial, massage, body scrub, mani and pedi...one after the other...not even a second to relax in between. I didn't get to eat \"lunch\" until after 3:30 pm. I didn't see my friend once all day. But her day was equally unsatisfying. She had to eat lunch alone at 11 am. She had to wait an hour & a half between services. When I finally saw her again at 3:30 she still had her body scrub, mani & pedi to do! And I still didn't have lunch!  The manager was unhelpful when I explained the problem to her. The staff seemed confused the entire day. The place itself was very un-spa-like. There was no lounge or relaxation room - just a few random corners with old couches & no magazines. There was no tea or fruit - just water in big jugs - and no ice at all. The locker rooms were bare bones - no comforts or products or anything to make you want to take a cozy steam (which didn't seem to be working anyway).  The manager did nothing to compensate us for the lousy scheduling. Barely even apologized. Just acted like since she just arrived none of it was her problem. The services were decent though so we tipped the girls fairly. I will not be coming back. Ever. No wonder they had to offer a deal to get people in there. (I'm sticking with dtox in los feliz: it's a real spa for people who love spa days!)", "business_id": "cSF1bGcTdia_6YFbuIga4A", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-10-03", "type": "review"}