{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 5, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "1IPak6pw80RX853Fsj4FAg", "review_id": "_dIkrDGPfp46GSyYarCBeg", "text": "Yeah, right on with Amber. I gave this place two chances, both for takeout, before writing a review. What strikes me is that this is a brew pub that has decided to open with no alcohol. As a result, half the restaurant looks barren and kind of depressing. Now, if they had phenomenal food I would see the logic in opening before securing a liquor license. That, however, is not the case. The first time I ordered the avocado salad with chicken. The person who took the order said \"ok, should be a few minutes.\" I work right across the street, so I waited about 15 minutes then headed over. I then had to wait another 15 minutes for my salad to come out. I honestly felt like I could have gone to the store, grabbed the ingredients, chopped them up and tossed them together faster than it took to pick up my salad here. They didn't put a cover on the container of balsamic vinegar, so it ended up getting all over the bag. The lettuce in the salad was dingy and unappetizing. I didn't feel like the it was worth it to pay extra for chicken. But I am a fairly understanding person. They just opened, so I thought I'd give them a second chance. The second time the pickup process was just as frustrating. It seems like there is a severe lack of communication happening there already. We asked if we could split the check 4 ways, and the waiter got snippy and said \"Well, that's going to be really difficult. I don't know.\" Then the man who I assume is an owner came over and quickly split up the bill using their computer. The waiter, realizing he made a fool of himself, tried to play it off as a learning experience for him. Whatever dude. The food was much better the second time (thus the extra star). I got the salmon with two orders of vegetables. Pretty good, but definitely not good enough to make me want to order from Broadway Brew again.", "business_id": "kZhzc_qD2mUU_bFbcs58Dw", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-06-16", "type": "review"}