{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "YXMiSBrLNcnbxnfMK4BVug", "review_id": "CsBMc_2gLwq4Q_msRiQOJw", "text": "A spinoff of popular brunch spot Clinton Street Baking Company, Community Food & Juice wisely skipped over the UWS brunch hub on its uptown move and set up shop in the Columbia area. BREAKFAST/BRUNCH I've only had the blueberry pancakes but WOW.  These pancakes are REALLY good.  They come in a stack of 3 for $11.  Not a lot of blueberries either on top or inside the pancakes but I didn't miss them.  The pancakes are golden brown - crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  Aside from the accompanying powdered sugar and the blueberries, I didn't taste much sweetness.  They must use a ton of butter on these pancakes to get that wonderful flavor. The caramelized banana brioche french toast was a letdown compared to the pancakes.  The caramelized bananas were heavenly and reminded me a bit of good sweet plantains.  The brioche french toast, however, was a little too sweet - it had a glaze that reminded me of danish.  I'll take challah french toast any day over it. Freshly squeezed juice is available for $3/small,  $4.50/large.  I've had the grapefruit juice and it is very good. While the place is often mobbed for brunch, they provide as much flexibility as you could ask for to try some of their brunch offerings.  Brunch is offered through 4PM.  They serve breakfast during the week and the blueberry pancakes, brioche french toast and four other breakfast items are on their lunch menu.  LUNCH/DINNER After reading Time Out and some Yelp reviews, I went with their $12 grass-fed burger with caramelized onions and vermont cheddar.  As this came a la carte, I dropped another $4 on sweet potato fries. The burger, unfortunately, IS a disappointment (2.5 stars).  The caramelized onions were cloying and overpowered the cheese and burger.  The burger wasn't very juicy (i ordered medium rare - might've been closer to medium) and didn't have the strong flavor I expect in a premium burger.  While the moralist in me applauds the organic/post-Fast Food Nation/etc. movement, I've yet to find a 'better' burger that I truly enjoy (this one was perhaps a shade better than ones I've had at Sarabeth's and Josie's).  Perhaps cows, like artists, produce their best work under adverse circumstances. The sweet potato fries, however, were great (5 stars)  They were flavorful, crispy (at least for a sweet potato fry), and light.  Nice departure from the normal soggy, heavy sweet potato fries. (Note:  Burger also available during weekend brunch) THE SPACE Nice and airy.  High ceilings.  While it's more modern than ideal for brunch (i prefer cozy), it makes for a better overall dining space.  RATING Based on the pancakes and brioche french toast, I'd say 4 1/2 stars for brunch.  Based on the burger and fries, I'd say 3 stars for lunch/dinner.", "business_id": "8lLs3dsSN-Am2_EtNfbXqA", "stars": 4, "date": "2007-12-27", "type": "review"}