{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "cxyqa-ZkwIQweuu6sJ8scA", "review_id": "s20y-12RFFt1cryqPknfhg", "text": "* Rating reflects on the Management. We were visiting Atlanta for a professional conference and decided to randomly check the city on a Wednesday night. My colleagues/new found friends wanted to go dancing after hanging out from the bar and one of us stumbled upon Halo online. We were such a large group (around 8 people) so the bouncers decided to charge us $5 per person, so the deal to get in wasn't that bad at all. In addition, my buddy and I were \"bringing\" the girls to the establishment. The interior was amazing, very posh and the lighting was just elegant and dazzling. The bar was fully stocked with liquor and the crowd was a mixed bag of hip, sophisticated and the outr\u00e9. The music was varied to pop, hip-hop, R&B and whatever remixes of the oldest song you can imagine. Yeah, it's that kind of music. What the Bouncers failed to mention was.... we had to pay another $20 to dance.... Really?!?!?! There was a fee to DANCE!!!!! Everyone was surprised since all of us were coming from different States and none of us were familiar with their \"policy\". We haven't heard such a thing (the cover charge was originally $10 and a $20 \"dancing\" fee). Almost all of us in the group had our share of paying a cover to get in bars and clubs but never came across paying extra money to dance. A few of my friends were brave enough to talk to the manager that night to inquire about the club's out-of-the-ordinary strategy to generate business. The manager was unenthusiastic to hear what we had to say and wasn't very interested in giving us anything. While my friends were still talking to the manager, some of us just decided to start drinking and not enter the dance floor. The lounge was pretty cool and spacious for us to actually dance. Good thing the bouncers didn't mind us dancing. We just want to have a good time like everybody else. The drinks weren't the best but they were pretty decent. We stayed because of the ambiance and some really good company. There were two Hennessy Black cognac promo girls with Nicki Minaj wigs on. They were pretty awesome and really sociable. Some of my friends were offered special Hennessy cocktails and concoctions for free. Of course you have to pay money for another round of Hennessy Black cocktail. After an hour or two of drinking, dancing and taking crazy pictures, we finally decided to call it a night and head to the hotel. My buddy paid his tab and we just rode a cab. Yes, very responsible of us. But the night didn't end there... As we were getting ready to put our p-jammies on, my friend noticed that the credit card he was given wasn't his at all. So we hurried down, took a cab and went back to Halo. (It would have been responsible on our part to check the card before heading out of Halo, but when you are drunk as a skunk, you just want to go home and lay down). The only good thing is: Halo closes around 3 AM. We were able to get there on time and confronted the manager about the mistake. Again, the manager handled the situation poorly and he pretended that it wasn't a big deal and he wasn't compromising on anything. Hello Credit Card Fraud!!!!! The night ended with a $40 cab ride home and 2 free shots. Wasn't impressed at all with their customer service....", "business_id": "IVrNWF-tF5n-KjbhWhXYtw", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-08-10", "type": "review"}