{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "8H9mcc2c_Q6i5i_1IMgJBw", "review_id": "rbW8s3nujAhtuAsAJu8bpA", "text": "I guess I am rating both ZaZa and Monarch in the same review since they are connected. We decided to stay again close to Memorial day weekend.  I have to say our room was beautiful and 1100 sq feet to go with it. Ok so I like ZaZa  a lot but I think we may have stayed when it first opened up and now it has been worn in a little. The staff is always polite, never a problem there but the crowd seems to have changed a little. We went to Monarch and though the waiter was very attentive and nice,  the accommodations were not what I expected. The bar used to be separate from the dining area, we got to the restaurant late so maybe that is why we had to sit so close to the bar, I'm not sure but I like the separation. The dress code was not dinner attire,  I guess because it was right near the bar, the attire was more a dressy bar attire than what I feel should have been able to expect for dinner. I also think presentation of a meal is important when you spend $140 for a simple dinner for two; our appetizer wasn't very appealing to look at.  I think we had the salt and pepper shrimp for our appetizer anyway it came in a metal basket with newspaper to catch the oil. It was ok for a popcorn shrimp but if I wanted Joe's Crab Shack  I could have just gone there, dinner looked better. The bar was something for sure, not necessarily a good thing though. I have to say the crowd looked sad. We decided on our second night there to go down for a drink, I actually didn't care to dress up, it just wasn't worth it.  I just want a drink in the hotel bar not watch the bar games go on, after a while you've seen it or done it enough times, it's like watching a baby take it's first step, you get over it.  Over all I still liked my room, it was very comfortable and we seem to have good luck so far. We never use anything from the minibar so never had to worry about that. We used the gym and water and fruit was available anytime and free of charge.  I like ZaZa and I am sure we will give it another try just to see if something else changed but then we also might try something new just to get a different feel.", "business_id": "DuVkCnl50hpWxiEzei-jVg", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-06-11", "type": "review"}