{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "XvbU631-FQ4GTS2zMa-YvQ", "review_id": "TDQ0eCGGL4to9FZmGcelPg", "text": "I'm teaching for the first time this semester, so I often find myself with a pile of grading and course prep to do on the weekends, necessitating a couple of cups of coffee, a snack, and a place to do work that is NOT my house.  For the last month, I've been trying to find that perfect working place: good coffee, enough seating that I can plant myself without hogging the only table, and food options beyond overpriced pastries or prepackaged sandwiches. I think I've found that place in Mighty Good.  The new location - a few blocks up on Main Street in the direction of Kerrytown - provides ample seating, long a drawback of the old location.  There are armchairs and two tops, counters and couches, big round tables for group work and small rounds for an intimate cup with your sweetie.  You name your preferred seating configuration, and Mighty Good can probably accommodate it. Great, you say, so I can find a place to sit.  But why would I want to?  Because Mighty Good has seriously good coffee.  Now, I said 'seriously good', not 'seriously great'.  If you want great coffee, go across town to Comet - but don't plan on hanging out there all afternoon, because those two tables and 4-6 bar seats are filled and turn over just about as quickly as the shots are poured.  At Mighty Good, you can count on a cup of locally roasted coffee or a latte prepared with Calder dairy products AND you can sit down to enjoy it.  You can also get a seriously wonderful cold brew in the summer - just what you need when it's 80 degrees at 7:30am.  Since moving to the new location, Mighty Good has also added a lunch menu with a handful of sandwiches in addition to the small case of pastries, which I'm looking forward to trying. While my allegiance to Comet is unwavering, I'm starting to suspect that Mighty Good might be my coffee home-away-from-home.", "business_id": "g5zWjbpggtWRRWPnqNXgxQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-02-21", "type": "review"}