{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "ZZfJg3PeZdAxTMc2PpkTrg", "review_id": "Ta8ec7JNu5mDaWNEW3NeUg", "text": "First of all, I have to say that my sausage bar is set pretty high since i have the privilege of living super close to some frickin' awesome sausage places.  So my experience is tainted. So, on my visit to Top Dog I had the bockwurst, 'cause i love that vealy stuff.  It looks like the sausages are partially precooked, but I'm not 100% sure about that, they were hanging out next to the grill.  Anywho, after the short wait for \"cooking\" I found my sausage tasted OK, probably about as good as a store bought one; I think it was a Saag's sausage since there is a Saag's advert prominently displayed in the dining area (they also serve Molinari sausage, probably their Italian, and I think Schwartz' fine sausages).  I liked that the buns were not your average hotdog bun, but a sesame studded bun.  I was about to have a conniption becuase I initially didn't see any sauerkraut, but then opened my eyes and saw a cool kraut warmer chock full of kraut right in front of me.  There also was four different mustards (and ketchup, obviously for hosers) some onions, sweet relish, and jalepenos; overall not a bad condiment collection.  MM had a veggie dog, she said it was mealy, not so good.  And their chili is three bean.  I didn't have any but I prefer zero bean chili. The whole setup of TD is pretty efficient, nice little seating area, grill, big menu, soda and condiment  section on the side.  Simple menu with dogs, chips, drinks and not much else.  One wall is adorned with signed black and white photos of some celebrities, I had no idea who any of them were, some news articles and other political seeming stuff. I love sausage places and although i don't think that Top Dog is necessarily tops, at 3 bucks a pop, this ain't too bad a place to git your tube steak fix.", "business_id": "65ltOonS7uaG12RRdn-W3Q", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-01-03", "type": "review"}