{"votes": {"funny": 6, "useful": 7, "cool": 5}, "user_id": "6V4RzDLG7Yrv4t5xCKjjJg", "review_id": "1cpUTQm77WinucQAdEqA-Q", "text": "The other day I was pilgrimaging through Upland.  (You're probably asking why a person of sound mind would do such a thing.) Well I had a vision appointment at a nearby Walmart and had looked up places to eat in the area.  Joey's BBQ caught my less-than-20/20 eye. As I walked in there was no one to greet me so I didn't know if I should just go sit down or wait to be seated.  This was during lunch time, so it wasn't very busy.  Eventually a waitress came by and told me that I could sit where ever I liked, so I did just that. The entire look of the place is a gimmicky, Texas, old-western theme, consisting of bull skulls, Texas flags and skin hide.  Trust me when I say there's nothing better than a place that looks like a dive, but has clean restrooms.  It's safe to say I enjoyed the look of the place. I ordered a BBQ chicken breast sandwich with BBQ beans (hey I like BBQ, that's why I came here) and french fries.  I also ordered a specialty drink called a Bull Ride.  Gentleman Jack and Red Bull for only $6?  Yes, please.  Most places don't even advertise Gentleman Jack in a drink.  I have a friend that didn't even know it existed. The food came quickly which was a pleasant surprise, and because they are trained BBQ professionals, asking for extra napkins is unnecessary.  Along with you food comes extra thick napkins.  Finally someone who understands!  Upon visual inspection of the sandwich I ordered, I had concluded that there was enough chicken breast inside to satisfy the heaviest of MMA fighters.   Along with the fries and beans, it was more than enough.  The bread was soft and their BBQ sauce was tasty.  Combine that with my drink, and I had an enjoyable meal. It's been awhile since I've gone to a restaurant where the service was stellar.  It was refreshing.  I'm not sure if Joey's BBQ is a place you want to bring a date, but for a guy's night out, this is a place to come to.  I'll definitely be coming back.", "business_id": "KboFvCKH3uzhyXt2WeSufg", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-07-28", "type": "review"}