{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "-9AihVqkmNMCkab1RE3uBg", "review_id": "b1fw8ceKhsA2gzfbYdv4Vw", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-05-28", "text": "I ended up visiting here twice during my short visit to Philadelphia - once, because it was close to my hotel and someone said that Abner's had the best cheesesteaks, and a second time, because a colleague who had graduated from UPenn 20 years ago wanted to come visit an old college haunt while we were in town. I guess this place restaurant has been around for a while. According to her, the campus has changed considerably since then, so much that she barely recognizes the area anymore... but there's still Abner's.\n\nComing off a less than thrilling visit to Pat's the day before, I decided to try my luck again with a Philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia... I'm not a cheez whiz fan, so I ordered with provolone, and onions. I thought it was slightly meh, but decidedly greasier, tastier and overall a better experience than my visit to Pat's. I'm guessing that I'm not really a fan of cheesesteaks after all. I quit.\n\nWhen my colleagues decided to visit later in the week, I came anyway, but decided... no more cheesesteaks! So I ordered a steak stromboli... which is filled with cheesesteak ingredients. Hah. And it tasted so much better! I have no idea what a stromboli really is supposed to be, but the cheesesteak/stromboli hybrid tasted so much more delicious to me. I thought it was quite good. It was also unexpectedly enormous; I had expected something that looked like a Hot Pocket, but was instead presented with an enormous, greasy monstrosity over a foot long (Los Angeles readers: it reminded me of the portion sizes of burritos at El Tepeyac). It's best split among two people!\n\nI found the service to be hospitable and friendly. One of my colleagues asked for a cheesesteak with half whiz and half provolone (which we joked was the \"tourist special\") and they happily obliged. There's also none of the attitude that seems prevalent at those other two famous rival cheesesteak joints. It seems kinda like a dive locale. Our group was able to sit, eat, drink, watch a basketball game and converse freely for a couple hours into the late night. Prices are cheap and reasonable as well.", "type": "review", "business_id": "o996tDYd0KRgeuY9mDeAGg"}
