{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "sPqHcRC--tRanPC-g4pNwQ", "review_id": "4lR12VcEHWgLe5d9eg5KYg", "text": "I had my eye on this place ever since it opened a few months ago and replaced Woofle. But, I'm not an avid coffee drinker (it makes me hyperactive and chatty, and if you know me, you know that I don't need anything besides air to get me going), so I really had no reason to go here. Until a Thursday afternoon rolled around. I had been up since 8 AM, and I had a 3 hour lab to beast through. I dropped by to pick up a small cup of Joe. There was no line, although every time I've walked by I've seen cops milling around with their drinks in hand. Perhaps they've found a new place to replace donut shops? The place has two small tables if you want to sit and eat. There are a few pastries for sale, although not too many. It was $1.79 for a SMALL HOUSE COFFEE. Actually, it was a pretty big cup, probably a medium by any other cafe's standards. I added some milk (they ran out of half & half...or I didn't know how to work their jug dispenser) and a packet of brown sugar and was on my way. My coffee was more bitter than I would have liked, but I am by no means a coffee connoisseur. It took me 10 minutes to get in and out of the cafe, even though there was no one ahead of me. This was because before I even got around to ordering, the owner started talking about his life. He's the father of three sons, who all attend Cal, and he spent a few minutes praising his oldest son's academic prowess and favorable future prospects. He then transitioned in talking about how he plans to add more food options to the menu, such as Mediterranean/Greek and pizza. Now, as much as I love hearing about other's kids (as a future Asian mom, I anticipate I'll be hearing A LOT about everyone else's kids and their knack for calculus in 5th grade, or whatever the fad is nowadays), I kind of just wanted to place my order and go. But he was nice, so no bigs. Small house coffee for $1.79. Chatty but friendly owner. Good hours (7:30 AM - 9:30 PM, although they're thinking of extending it to 1:30 AM once they expand their menu). $5 credit card minimum.", "business_id": "yNW1FXy0mSMBipgCA6Pmhg", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-04-14", "type": "review"}