{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "fSZ4ea_V7jYNL9UlEKHvOw", "review_id": "9PLAVHl37JN9A776PY5ySg", "text": "To sum it up, what a horrible experience. I came here Saturday night 2/11/12. It was a packed restaurant and I had high expectations with this crowd. After waiting over 30 mins to get seated I was eager to get started with dinner. Unfortunately, It took another 15 mins to get bread service (from what it seemed to be a manager) and another 10 mins to even see a server to get our drink orders. When the server came back he seemed agitated about something and was really curt, rude almost. I had to ask what the daily specials were and he didn't seem to name all of them. The only reason why I know this is because I heard different servers recite them at the tables around us. When I asked about a particular baked oyster on the half shell special he rudely responded there's a fried oyster dish on the menu. I was wildly confused to what his problem was. Ordered the fried oyster appetizer. It was lightly battered in cornmeal and served with a salad and pancetta cream sauce. The oysters didn't seem to all cook evenly by the color and texture of the batter on each piece. The salad was limp and the sauce was overpowering. My girlfriend had the Prego Salad. It was a nice variety of greens and lightly dressed. It came with a couple pieces of toast with goat cheese spread on it. Overall it was an enjoyable light dish. I had the lasagna. I thought this dish was a slight twist on what Im typically used to in a good way. The pasta layer was a good thickness and not too overcooked. The filling was veal meatball and cheese. The sauce typically inside the lasagna was poured around instead. This resulted in a bit drier dish but overall tasty and enjoyable. The portion was generous and filling. Now at the end of our dinner and all of our dishes taken up. I am patiently waiting for the server to come by with the dessert tray, as every other table around us was treated. 15 mins goes by and not even a peep. While Im waiting, there seems to be some issue from their open kitchen. The whole restaurant is quickly filling up with smoke. I can see the servers walking around squinting, presumably from their eyes burning from the smoke. So through the thick haze, I had to wave for my server's attention as he walks right past us to just give us the check. No thank yous nor apologize for the smoke. I usually give restaurants of this nature one chance to earn my business and after this experience I can assure you I will not return nor recommend this place to anyone else. The only reason why this place might even earn a star is for the food and it should be eaten as take out because the service seems to be hit or miss.", "business_id": "qfNX18O5FdknoUjfI0n-fQ", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-02-12", "type": "review"}