{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "Mm7yR3DDtIKKZY9vOzFz-w", "review_id": "VEjukM85_VCrHfx-8ZEWbg", "text": "This is the shittiest McDonalds on Earth, and I don't believe there are any 'good' McD's out there.  Everything terrible about the McDonalds Corporation is on display here. On a recent visit to my old teenage stomping grounds, I decided to pick up some french fries and take a look at the local MickeyDeez.  The parking lot and half the store were torn up due to construction, yet the restaurant was still open.  They aren't closing for one minute if there are idiots like me to throw them a few dollars. A sign said that part of the seating area was closed, yet the majority of the slack-jawed diners were sitting in the 'closed' area, so I joined them.  An employee seemed to notice, but wasn't about to do anything about it.   The lobby was absolutely trashed.  The lowlifes who patronize this place can't walk three feet to place their items in the trash and there aren't enough workers to take care of keeping the place clean. The understaffed nature of this McD's (which I believe does not have a owner but, rather, is 'corporate' run) is on display by the long and slow lines inside the lobby and at the drive-thru.  It's supposed to be 'fast food' but McDs wouldn't spend another 100 bucks a day to throw two other mouthbreathers minimum wage just to keep the place moving.   This McDs has sucked on another level since it opened nearly 20 years ago.  Because I'm a masochist with a strange sense of humor, I continue to check in every couple of years when I am in the area, and it never changes.  I wouldn't even want to set foot in the bathroom, considering what the lobby looks like.  In an emergency, I'd piss in the parking lot and risk an indecent exposure ticket. Oh yeah, the fries I ordered sucked, too.   Cold as hell with all the floppiness and poor taste that comes along.    All McDonalds are evil; the Latham Farms version could be the centerpiece of an anti-fast food documentary.  Anybody who eats here regularly deserves the early death that is certain to come.", "business_id": "9Qor562YgEIn4nagoBxBNA", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-07-30", "type": "review"}