{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "t7NWYhHIdT9amRF82pXljQ", "review_id": "KrHprJJiDrz9wiEyUQ3tkw", "text": "I feel bad giving a place a sub-4 star review but here it is. My GF really wanted to go here for their dineLA special 3-course meal for $34. The night started off aright, we had to wait a while for someone to even speak to us but we didn't have reservations and were excited when they were able to seat us right. it seemed a little out of control as the 2 hostess were running around looking for extra menus and had to swap out our dineLA menus on the fly. My menu and the GF's menu were different but got confirmation from the waitress that the duck confit was NOT available. First came the bread and water. The bread was a simple loaf but it came out HOT and had this chive butter which was delicious. We asked for more bread and butter and kilt it. I got BLT soup(farmer's market soup), Rack of Lamb and Roasted Pear and Frangipane Tart. GF got Roasted Tomato and Eggplant Tart, NY Steak(?) they didn't have duck confit that night, and Pumpkin Blueberry Cake. It all looked good on paper but what the heck Madeleine's?? The BLT soup was good, it seemed like they had yellow tomatoes, pureed it and added veggies and crispy bacon. Delicious soup. GF's tart was OK... it was this bready thing, i didn't care much for it. To the mains... did the chef's salt glands malfunction or something? I like to season and salt my food but OMG the meat, sauce and 'traditional ratatouille' were WAY over salted. My salt glands were hurting by the end of the meal. I finished it but what the damn. The lamb was cooked as they said though, medium rare as lamb should be, it was tender but too salty. It probably would not have been as bad if they had salty veggies and sauce and the meat was not. The GF's was salty too, but not as crazy as mine. The desserts... mine was good, reminded me of one of those Asian almond cookies but with pear. GF's was interesting too, it was what it sounded like, just chewy for some reason. Overall the experience was \"wth Madeleine's?' as i want at least the main course to impress me and they did not come to impress this night. I do want to come back to try out their happy hour... half off their Bistro menu(small plates).", "business_id": "e3UEtMoXBaOLeMFfXzld5A", "stars": 2, "date": "2009-10-18", "type": "review"}