{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "GuNBz3pAXMxfB2SBd5qeuQ", "review_id": "F-1YLQ7b9RTXGUVKHtdfrg", "text": "At the last minute my mom and I decided to go out to dinner. At first we were thinking of going to down town Palo Alto but after starting to drive over there we pretty much decided we were not in the mood for waiting for 45 minutes or more for a table so we headed over to the shopping center. Thinking we were just going to go to Max's (as we both know what we like there) we saw Babbo's and asked ourselves if we had ever been there before. We had not and felt like trying something new (plus there was no line to be seated) We were sat right away at a small table of which you can tell they were trying to put as many tables as possible in a tiny space but the lighting was pleasant and we did not seem to mind. Now for the food. I ordered the Cesar salad which was really big and should be split between two for an appetizer and my mom had the vegetable soup which looked amazing! It was like a hearty Minestrone soup with yummy olive bread on the side. I ordered a glass of wine of which I asked what he recommended and my glass was crisp, sweet, and refreshing so if you are not always in the mood to figure out which wine you might want just ask the waiter what they recommend. For the main course I had the salmon which was amazing. The perfect size piece with a creamy potato slices buttery goodness on one side, roasted tomato and zucchini on the other and lentils. It was exactly what I wanted. The fish was in a buttery sauce that made it taste even better. My mom had the chicken which looked amazing in a dark brown sauce but also tasted amazing. It needed bread on the side to dip in the sauce. Overall.... We were really happy and satisfied with our meals. If you are on a diet... ummm.. don't be when you go here. Be aware that the waiters are a little bit difficult in regards to grabbing their attention but the food was brought out with the perfect amount of time between courses. This could be a really cute date place because the food is good the lighting is nice and the ambiance is upscale. I will definitely go back! ENJOY!", "business_id": "viiKRWphCo8u5LWEtzlCmg", "stars": 4, "date": "2007-03-04", "type": "review"}