{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "H1WtD2f9ofrjJm5oLXtJgw", "review_id": "EtVOYqdBpvN7bj8uVzJSow", "text": "I LOVE PIZZA. and... I LOVE WORKING OUT.   Most of all, I love the body that you (usually) get from working out.  I'm not one of those guys that can just eat whatever I like and not pay the consequences; but I'm also not one of those guys that gets grotesquely large after eating.  I usually don't limit my calories or fat intake, but I do limit my carbs.  In case you didn't know, a pizza contains quite a hefty amount of carbohydrates.   No bueno for my diet. However, you can't keep me away from my pizza.  So if I'm going to eat pizza, I'm going to do the damn thing and it better be some damned good pizza. I would gladly eat at 800 Degrees anytime I wanted to carb up and not feel guilty I did.  You have the option to choose from their pre-made specialty pizzas, start at a basic one and build up as you go, or start with a pre-made specialty and add things from there.  Both times I've gone I've just gotten a pizza margherita and built from there.  The great thing is that even with 3 toppings and a drink, I've managed to be at about $15 dollars. A very reasonable price to pay for a trendy, albeit great, made to order pizza.   I wish I could name off all the ingredients, but the first time I can't remember what I got; the second time, I was extremely intoxicated.  The pizza is thin crust style and I don't know what else to say but that dough is great.  I don't usually eat the crust for fear of having no nutritional benefit from it.  The amount of sauce is just right for each pizza and is right up there in deliciousness as some of the best pizzas I've tasted.  (Current crush: Secret Pizza) My favorite thing about this place...the soda machine.  I've never seen another  creation as blessed with such high fructose corn syrup as their soda machine.  So many possibilities from a single machine!  ZOMG!  GRAPE SPRITE?!  GTFO! You just have to try it. Parking can be a beezy if you're trying to find street parking, there's a structure...but when I parked there in the middle of the day I ended up having to pay $12 for not even close to 2 hours.  Never seen the place busy, seats were plentiful and the wait was nonexistent both times I've been here. Just thinking about eating pizza makes me want to go do some squats. -__-", "business_id": "jGuzp8hsKy27ZmK1jsvgYw", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-06-28", "type": "review"}