{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "X_gGElL3taerQd8dq6EdgA", "review_id": "ndBSbw4RHZKUz-iVoxkhIQ", "text": "Great venue for your private event! This past Saturday we threw a surprise 30th birthday party for one of our closest friends in Bistro 45's patio. They are currently under construction but I don't doubt that when they open up to the public once again that it will be a hot spot for dinner if you're in Pasadena. Favorites to mention were the staff, reclining ceiling, and the food! Victoria, Jill and Eric (unfortunately those were the only names I caught) were so accommodating and made sure we had everything we needed. They definitely made the evening's events go smoothly. Reclining ceiling, yes Bistro 45 has that in their patio. When the sun was still shining brightly they completely closed the ceiling so we wouldn't have so much sun shining down on us. But as the sun set and a cooler breeze came through we asked that they open the ceiling up because it was such a beautiful night out. I believe they also have outdoor heaters which definitely were not needed for our event but if you dined in the patio during the colder months I'm sure they'd keep you warm. Now on to the food, for the prefixed menu the appetizer choices were: chilled cucumber soup & goat cheese salad with walnuts and apples and the entr\u00e9e choices were: salmon, risotto & and prime rib steak. My choices the salad and the prime rib steak (because yes , I am a carnivore). I loved their goat cheese salad if they gave me another serving I'm sure I would've cleaned that plate too. Now the prime rib steak, they didn't ask how I wanted it cook but it came out to a perfect medium rare. Seasoning was on point and I would've also eaten another serving of this but then again I might have just busted out of my dress if I did and my friends would end up having to roll me to the car if that happened. Thank you again to Victoria, Jill, Eric and the rest of the staff at Bistro 45, without all your help the birthday girl would not have told us that was the best night of her life!", "business_id": "MJMTsZ0ty0RCyUjF_6XVPg", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-09-24", "type": "review"}