{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 6, "cool": 6}, "user_id": "DwWQn8EZFhtrchJIiC9ZmQ", "review_id": "Q_1UfaZ-Bwya1NXzME27qg", "text": "After doing some Yelp research on affordable and high-quality hair salons, I decided to take a chance with Pyara, and I'm really happy that I did. This place leaves me singing praises, from my experience booking an appointment to the cut to the customer service. I was in the area and walked in to book an appointment. First impression was that it smelled amazing and immediately relaxed me. If \"zen\" had a smell, it would be this salon (I'm sure that makes no sense). Anyway, I can be quite impulsive, especially since I was having an awful week and wanted to make it better, so I asked if there was anything available THAT DAY with a junior stylist. It came as no surprise that they were fully booked for days, but the guy at the front desk, who was uncommonly patient with me, tried to squeeze me in on a Friday night. There was a choice of stylists for that night and so I described my hair to them and they set me up with Chaude, who they told me was really good with blow outs. Needless to say, this made me really excited for my appointment. When I came in for my appointment, it was really busy (even though it was 9PM) and I ended up waiting about 20 minutes. Not a problem, because I was served a free beverage and chocolate (yummm). Chaude gave me a consultation, didn't judge me for not having my hair cut in nearly a year, and gave me a quick (and much welcomed) neck and shoulder massage. What salon gives you a free neck and shoulder massage?? Amazing. My cut was great and Chaude really took into consideration what kind of haircut I wanted, and made recommendations based on my hair's texture and face shape. I felt awful when the blow dry came 'round...as I have really really thick and unruly hair which takes FOREVER to blow dry (one hair stylist once told me I gave him an arm workout...ouch) but Chaude was great about this and gave me the best blow out I have ever had. I didn't realize it was possible to make my hair look so good by just blow drying it. I will definitely come back here again. I paid an insanely low price ($45 not including tip) for a great experience and a great haircut. THANK YOU CHAUDE and Pyara, if I could give you more than five stars I definitely would.", "business_id": "kKheinNcdRiRcmVWaMbFqQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-05-04", "type": "review"}