{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "xnsdh6cnfmaP9hxada3jLQ", "review_id": "eaLTGirckqwFo_XVUqJH0Q", "text": "I'm a complete beginner, so I looked up a few things online about what I needed and decided to go and give it a shot. A Tangled Skein is the closest yarn shop to me and I went despite mixed reviews from Yelp.  The store itself is a good size with a beautiful selection of yarns. The woman at the front was busy, so I took a moment to take a look around and get an idea of the pricing. They have yarns of varying beautiful colors, and these were all mostly labeled with the recommended size of crochet hooks to use (yes! Exactly what I needed). They also have a section for their sale items, called \"Orphan yarns\" which I ended up making my selection (I figure I won't feel too bad about screwing up with cheaper yarns.) When I saw the lady at the front was free, I went up to her, prepared with two sizes of crochet hooks (6 & 8 mm) and corresponding yarns, and asked her what she thought I should use as a beginner. She was really nice, and told me that the labeled sizes are suggestions and that different people usually have their preferred sizes/styles to work with, and that either the 6 mm and 8 mm would work for me. Both sizes of yarns were close enough that picking one either one wouldn't really make too much of a difference. I also asked her for any suggestions on crochet books, and she led me to a booklet that their instructors use. It was really detailed and had a lot of diagrams. Overall, I had a good experience there, although it IS my first time. I overheard a few other customers talking and one said that she didn't notice that their list of items on sale was at the front counter (which seems strange to me?) and the other saying that finding the corresponding sales items was like a scavenger hunt. I'm not sure how I feel about that, but I'll find out the next time I go!", "business_id": "o2r8pE2bc1qRtIYSwW1WrQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-08-19", "type": "review"}