{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 5, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "WDUUb4CRat6JQ9MaNKh9wA", "review_id": "kIPk2y3m8nmC8s1W9B-rKQ", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-05-15", "text": "First of all, I called ahead to reserve a truck (I had no idea how much they were in demand, or how many they had...) and the woman on the phone not only assured me that my truck would be available promptly at 7:30 (and said I would LOSE the truck if I was more than 5 mins late) but she also insisted that there was a gated lot for me to park my car in. So I show up a few minutes early and ask where the lot is...the guys in there look at me like I have four heads... There was no lot. They told me I needed to go find a meter. Okay... so I found a meter, and even though I was EXPECTED and they had all my information (including my credit card) in the system, I had to wait patiently behind the guy who wanted to buy a box. And because he wanted to pay $2.50 for his box in cash, they needed to go get the manager to approve the transaction. The guy even tried to leave $3 and call it a day, but they insisted in making he and I wait for them to find the manager to complete the transaction. Anyway, it took forever. Since they closed in a half hour and I needed to pick up a couch, they told me as long as it was in the lot, or parked in a meter out front before 9a, I would not be charged for an additional day. Now, I didn't need the UHaul for more than this couch, so naturally I dropped it off after moving it. The bill even states it was checked in at 7:51a ...so why on earth did they go ahead and charge me for an extra day?? I call the store, they agree...and transfer me to customer service. The girl on the customer service line was SO LOST I wanted to scream. I was on the phone for a half hour telling her the same thing over and over again and she kept telling me that it was a sub total but there was a magic $20 that seemed to have been added to my bill. Eventually she just said \"hold on\" and transfered me to what I'm guessing is a supervisor. Who immediately said he'd credit me the accidental extra day charge. WHY IS THIS SO HARD? I just got a call now asking for my debit card number, in the end they're refunding me, thank goodness.", "type": "review", "business_id": "Hx-H-CK89WF5pQDwesbVqw"}
