{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "3izDzb1kZsSzMjLdfNwLpg", "review_id": "JwJ0aKMsURwipsvymd-zBg", "text": "My mom is a B&B connoisseur...as a kid, whenever we traveled, we stayed in B&Bs if we could. As a 6-month-aversay (shut up, you cynic, yes I said 6-month-aversary) gift for gf I got us a night in this B&B hidden not a mile from the house. When I tried to find it, my gps got me lost...which happens from time to time...and the girl at the desk had almost no idea where I was (it turns out I was about 10 houses down) and her English wasn't all that great. When I arrived to check in, it was cute...and then I found out our room was on the 4th floor and there was no elevator and I had some BAGS...and it became less cute. And then on the second floor I saw a flier that said that between midnight and 7am there wouldn't be any power and it became even less cute.  That would have been something I would have liked to learn either prior to check in (because I would have moved my reservation) or at least by the human being at the front desk. Upon reaching the 4th floor the room was fine...but clearly hadn't been touched decoratively since the 80s. So then yadda, yadda, yadda.  At 4:00 in the morning all the smoke alarms went off (because the power went out).  We tried to call the front desk to see if there was a fire or it was just the power.  But the corded land line had stopped working (I thought the charm of corded land lines is that they continued to work in power outages) so we had no idea. At 4:45 (because we'd just fallen back asleep) the smoke alarms went off again AND all the lights came on.  Awesome.  At least we could then call the front desk...and have the attendant inform us that he \"guessed\" it was the power going off and on that was making all the smoke alarms go off.  Which was *real* comforting. Because it's a B&B and the first B had been a little underwhelming, I was hoping for the second B (Breakfast) to be its saving grace.  GF had never stayed in a B&B before, and having been regaled with tales of farm fresh eggs and cute B&B keepers, was perhaps more disappointed than I to find that it was continental breakfast. And in case you were wondering, continental breakfast is not breakfast. I had yogurt, some raisins, a bagel, and some decaf earl grey.  It was all pretty average.  GF had a similar assortment of food and said the coffee was terrible. So...basically the only thing that's saving this place from getting one star are the following: 1) Environmental commitment - they had a green towel policy and composted our continental breakfast. 2) It's got some of that B&B cute-ness...enough to make me feel bad for giving it one star.  And I like the naked lady sculpture in the landscaping outside. And besides, good company can make up for a lot of things.", "business_id": "7Xb24HORDrSLsRC0PkNRTw", "stars": 2, "date": "2008-03-22", "type": "review"}