{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "HOvXyHzbrf0Tclwle3gJ_g", "review_id": "D7UygDWC_rzJqmtOIQUk5w", "text": "I now understand why people hate going to the dentist. I have been in and out of dentist/orthodontist offices since I was a small child and never had an experience like this. My sister referred me to Dr. Campbell because she loved him and his office was great for children and adults together. My son and I only got to visit him once before he left this practice and are very sad. I've been twice since he left, once for an evaluation on TMJ and the next time for routine check ups for both my son and me. The first evaluation was a complete waste of time. The routine one was horrendous. We both needed fillings. I of course needed more. This caused about 45 min of my five year old having to watch a movie. Which seemed fine, until he called my name from the room next to me and the dentist, while I'm looking right at her with my mouth wide open, looks up and let's out a huge sigh of annoyance with my sweet child. He of course did this about 3 times in the 45 min time span and it never failed to piss her off. Not to mention the shots she gave me. She left the topical anesthetic on for about 20 seconds before she jammed and I mean jammed the needle into my jaw, twice! I wanted to cry by the time she started drilling, not because of the pain but because I felt so alone in the process. Like they said ^^ absolutely no bed side manner. She is completely unable to develop a good patient rapport. Then I had to bend over backwards to try and get laughing gas for my five year old. After all I wasn't about to let her do to him with that needle what she did to me, he'd NEVER go back to the dentist. She huffed and puffed while she set up the nitrous like I was ruining her day because she had to put together a little mask and run a tube from the wall to it. Luckily I was adamant and he got his cavity filled worry free. I know this is long, but this is the only time I've ever done anything like this and it's because I truly don't think anyone should have this experience. The only thing nice I have to say is that the assistant is very very sweet and she tried her best to compensate for her miserable counterpart.  find another profession that you enjoy doing Dr.", "business_id": "MM1tKEeIhPqoCjulRVKPPw", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-09-26", "type": "review"}