{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "j341co2_yGrcmrbmtaYv4g", "review_id": "1x2N6uI-WJP3UIlSDFGuSw", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-08-15", "text": "I attended this studio for 1.5 years before switching to Pearland Bikram Yoga (12 min. from Downtown).\n\nThe only PRO of this studio is location and a couple of instructors.  The location is near my work, so I didn't waste time driving.  Now I wonder why I was loyal for so long to a studio that is smelly, harmful, arrogant, cultish and overcrowded.\n\nPearland Bikram Yoga is a serene, happy spa in comparison!\n\nThe Cons of Houston Bikram Yoga on South Blvd. can be summarized as:\n\n1. SMELLY -- god-aweful mold and smell coming from the carpet.  The room is small so you smell your neighbors almost as well as you smell yourself.  Gross.  I ignored it, but never, never got used to it.  Yoga simply should be done in a sterile, clean space.  Period.\n\n2. BAD INSTRUCTORS -- The owners are nice and teach well.  There is a British instructor that is also good.  Everyone else (and I tried every instructor they had over a 1.5 year period) was bad to dreadful.  I'm an long-time yoga practitioner.  I can do all the poses in their advanced form.  I never came late and I followed all the \"rules\".  Still, I've personally experienced rudeness in class.  They especially pick on new people and glorify the class stars (including me on occasion, which I dislike).  These instructors defy the true philosophy and spirit of yoga, which is non-competitive, nonjudgmental and about balance and inner peace.  I had to try hard to ignore these attitudes to get centered (like I ignored the smell).\n\n3. CROWDED -- The studio gets crowded to the point of distraction.  I cannot do my poses optimally because I'm bumping int my neighbors.  I'm petite and thin -- so really, there's no excuse!  They simply should not accept that many students per class.  As for the changing rooms, you cannot even take a shower sometimes for a half hour due to congestion.  And the ladies room is god-aweful smelly.\n\n4. HARD-SELL/CULTISH STAFF -- The staff will simply not leave you alone.  They hound and hound you to buy a package, come back the next day OR ELSE, buy products, etc. etc.  It's so bad I try to dart out of the studio after class to avoid conversation.  I'd love to feel relaxed and calm after class, but my first thought after the shower room is \"Get out before one of staff accosts me!\"\n\nAside from these cons, the Bikram yoga itself is the standard fare.  It's a very physical yoga that is super light on the yoga breathing (pranayama) and philosophy.  It is what it is.  I like it for physical benefits, but I know it lacks the subtler and deeper stuff I've been exposed to in other classes.  \n\nFor anyone who is willing to drive a bit from the South Blvd. location, try Pearland Bikram Yoga.  It's a beautiful, large space with spa-like changing rooms.  Everything is super clean.  Think: 4-star hotel.  There is no smell to speak of and ALL the instructors are competent, calm and helpful.  I've tried some half dozen instructors, but my favorite is Taz, the owner.  She's wonderful.  Finally, it's never, ever crowded -- either in class or in the lovely changing rooms.  \n\nI finally have the yoga studio I deserve.  I've never enjoyed Bikram so much!!!", "type": "review", "business_id": "fCen25I4YOzHsJBlpnLVfw"}
