{"votes": {"funny": 8, "useful": 5, "cool": 5}, "user_id": "85mZbcEWEr_PmbDeBFrJeA", "review_id": "wp7zF2Y0YNgiBwe3fBddDQ", "text": "Oh Gomnaru, why are you my favorite Berkeley restaurant? When we first met you were all I ever wanted in a restaurant. You were quick, delicious, and oh so inexpensive. Just 5 dollars would satisfy all my needs. Sure you have a host of other options, Bulgogi, dumplings, Fried Noodles, and soups. But 9 out of 10 times I was lured in by your siren song that still calls out to me now: BBQ Spicy Chicken. I can see it clearly flattened pieces of deliciously marinated chicken, dancing on top of a bed of white rice. All accompanied by a small side salad, croquette, and miso soup. If I asked I you kindly you even gave me refills on rice and soup. I was in love. Remember the good times we had together? The countless times I caught Monday Night Football as I finished class, how I had free reign to your TV when we had our alone time. I even supported all your crazy decisions when you decided to open up a Southside location. I defended you even when others said you changed for the worse. But, as time went on you started to abuse me. The croquette, the amount of rice and even the chicken shrank. What did I do to upset you? I still defended you though. Even when you hit me with a price raise, and promised never to do it to me again. So I came back time after time even as you hit me with another and another. My 5 dollar meal now cost me 5.95, what was I going to do with that extra nickel? Give it to you of course. Oh Gomnaru I'm not trying to tell the world why I hate you. I'm telling the world that I love you in spite of our your flaws. Because when times were tough you were always there for me. On a rainy berkeley day there's nowhere I'd dine with than you. You and your bottomless miso soup (if I asked), endless rice (if I asked), self serve kimchi, free water, free tea, and cable television. No your dirty carpet and furniture from the Seventies won't win any beauty pageants, but you've won my heart. Yours Forever, Andrew F.", "business_id": "4D7IdtyRjH8qxcsHaz1-GA", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-10-12", "type": "review"}