{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 5, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "LG6ID94h_INGGXYo87_TpQ", "review_id": "9odk9yplFexXRrUC5atoJg", "text": "I have lived here for 2 years & while I really like my place & the facilities are nice, I would say my overall experience was a negative one.  The reason for my disgust with this place relates to the fact that the management is extremely poor. It is difficult to talk to someone who knows what they are doing. Their incompetence is frustrating & their idea of customer service is answering the phone & telling you they are not responsible for that.   I have a small courtyard.  I had originally asked when I signed the lease if someone would take care of the ivy & landscaping.  I was told to call maintenance & it would not be a problem.  The first time I called I was told someone would come take care of it.  One week later,  I called back & was told that someone would be coming.  Surprisingly, there was no record of a request even though I talked to the lady Becky the first time.  Later in that same week, I had to call back again and ask if someone was coming.  After 3 weeks, someone finally completed the task. About 4-5 months later, I called again as the ivy growth/ leaves were piling up. This time I was asked by Becky, \"Are you sure we do that?\"  I explained what I was told when I first leased it & that they did it four months ago.  A week later,  I had to call back to to get it completed. Every other time after this, I have called & now I am told by Becky, \"It is the renter's responsibility to clean.\"  After having to escalate and complain, I finally get what I need but we go through the same thing every time. After year one, I had a choice sign 12 month lease or go month to month for extra $100.  While I did not like it, I chose the month to month to have the flexibility.  The next rent check that I got had my rent w/ a $500 error in their favor.  I went over in person to get it fixed and then had to spend time on the phone later in the day to get it resolved. No apologies....\"oh well\" was the attitude. Fast forward to one year later,  I get another  letter w/ another choice. This time it is to sign a 12 month lease at $100 more or go month to month for $300 more. While I understand that markets change, most places once you get to month to month, they will leave you alone.  This place clearly only cares about the $$ so renters beware.  I talked to the first person I could call. She was not able to negotiate at all.   She tried to sell me that I could sign a 12 month lease & if I wanted to leave I can pay out of it w/ an extra month penalty. I started to try and explain that for that price, I could go month to month for an extra 8 months and it would still be cheaper than doing what she wanted to do.  She had no idea what I was saying which is when I realized I was dealing w/ an idiot who could not complete a simple break even analysis.   I asked to speak to someone who could negotiate on price.  My clear thinking was we could find some win-win here.  I don't pay electricity....maybe we could find something there.  Month to month was important to me so I'd be willing to pay some more just not $300 more.   A week later,  I got a call back from the director. She was equally unwilling to have any sort of meaningful conversation.  When I tried to explain that if the place stays empty for more than two weeks (which is likely since the place across me was open for 2 months), you will lose more money than if I signed a 12 month lease at the same price.  Her go to move was to cite \"market research\" that was obviously biased.  When I asked if she was person who could negotiate price, she said she was but would not give any options.  I asked to speak to her supervisor who 4 weeks later has not called me back. The only time I got any sort of good service was when I had to call maintenance because I had two dead moles on my patio.  I called up and lied basically saying that they smelled rancid, that I had kids coming over & I did not want one of them to touch these diseased animals. Then we'd have a lawsuit on our hands if they got sick.  There was someone there is less than 30 min.  Had I not said kids, law suit, rancid and diseased, I bet I would have had to call again. There was one other time that really annoyed me.  Rent is supposed to be paid on the 3rd of every month.  There was one month when I got to the rental office on the 3rd.  And I saw the lady who collects the check.  It was right at closing and I walked in and she told me to put it in the outside box. I said, \"ok but I'm on time right.\"  She said, \"nope, I already got the letters ready\" and on the next bill, I had a $50 charge.  It was like 4:02.     In the end, the place and location is great but the staff does not care about the people who live here nor do they have any clue about customer service.  They miss opportunities to delight their clients and keep residents from leaving.  I will take every chance I get to share my experience.   The rental negotiation has frustrated me so much that I will happily move out.", "business_id": "Ot4XBIX8bIxYeLQX3MLDvA", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-03-21", "type": "review"}