{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "O-uPZruoYgNhY__yq03jmg", "review_id": "t2g9Uy91Uyx0Ckd9K832NA", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-11-03", "text": "There aren't many restaurants in Stanford Shopping Mall in walking distance so you can't be choosy about what you eat.  There's Neiman Marcus caf\u00e9, Max's, McDonald's, CPK express, an expensive hot dog shop, Playa Grill, or Nordstrom Caf\u00e9.  Playa Grill has some nice simple Mexican dishes that will definitely satisfy your hunger.  Burritos, enchiladas, quesadillas, salads, beers, margaritas, and some flavored drinks make up their menu.\n\nI went in to Playa Grill and something felt like it changed.  I looked for their menus and there were none.  I asked the cashier for a menu and they said they got rid of them and to look at the menu board hanging on top behind her.  I asked where the Tostadas went and she said they no longer carry the fried bowls.  Damnit!  So I opted for their Carne Asada Steak Superior no onions.  This big burrito comes with caramelized onions, roasted peppers, rice, beans, cheese, sour cream and fresh salsas for $7.55 plus tax.  I usually get their Horchata and it tastes authentic with broken grains of rice sediment on the bottom; this time I chose water with a slice of lime instead.  It's nice they have a full self-serve salsa bar with all hotness types from mild, medium and hot.  Fountain drinks can be refilled at your disposal.  When I ate there, they always give you a plastic number to place on your table.  When the food comes out, they give you metal utensils although you can get more plastic cutlery at the salsa bar.  After 10 minutes, my burrito came out with a small side of chips and I took a few bites out of it.  Nothing changed besides the menu; it was still the same great tasting grilled steak burrito with salsa, less sour cream, good amount of melted cheese and roasted peppers, but had a big gob of caramelized onions. Didn't I specifically ask for any onions?  Yet, it seemed like they put extra onions, but at least it was in a gob and I just had to pull it out with my fork (-1 star).  The burrito was approximately 6.5\" by 2.5\" wide and a good size.  By the end of my meal, I was full and feeling food coma.  The seats are spongy and low in booths making it the ideal place to take a nap after lunch.\n\nOverall, if I look past the hand menus and things they left out from the original menu, the taste is still the same.  Since I work in the mall part-time, they used to honor me an extra 10% off for working in the mall, but I think they got rid of this benefit the last time I asked.  Meat is marinated and cooked with great flavor.  This place is good for take-out too.  Try Playa Grill on for size the next time you visit the Stanford Shopping Mall.", "type": "review", "business_id": "jFJTKbLh0wXFjUWJp4uZaw"}
