{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "ACwBMSJzgW6vOvV7vOrk8Q", "review_id": "6v5p4DOxWIFLpAy81gqUEA", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-07-10", "text": "I'm a fan of this place, who can't be with three separate bars to go to?  Even if it is packed most weekends.  With the three separate bars it's like three separate atmospheres. \n\nDownstairs is the kind of cool, kind of hip bright bar where if you want to get up close and personal with someone, you can.  The jukebox has an ample selection of tunes to choose from to tickle just about anyone's fancy.  On the colder days you can stand by the fireplace to warm yourself.  On the warmer days you can still stand by the fireplace, but don't worry, it's not on to roast the patrons.  It serves as a place to lean against and carry on a conversation with someone and be able to set your drink down if you like.  Several high tables dot the area if you feel the need to sit as well as stools around the bar.  Big windows allow you to view the people walking on the street as well as it lets them view you.\n\nUpstairs is kind of the dim lit, low-key lounge bar.  Electronic dartboards for play, some Saturdays the dance floor can be in use if a DJ is on premise.  Nice big, somewhat circular bar in the middle with stools (they are in the middle of a remodel by the looks of it, to make it look even roomier).  Booths and high tables are available for sitting as well.  A coat rack is there for you convenience to place you coat, but be careful, especially if you're wearing a coat that looks similar to others.  The music played upstairs when a DJ is not around is that of the videos mentioned in this place's name.  It's like a DJ is there with the videos playing.  Dance and remix is all you hear, huge plus.  \n\nThe deck, recently added onto, is a nice place to be able to go and take in the air.  Tables are at an appropriate level outside, enough to seat people, but also the right about for people to mingle.  The newer portion of the deck reminds you of sitting in a small garden with lighted seating.  The deck is also used in cooler weather as well with their drop-down curtains to keep the elements out and they heaters to keep the temperature comfortable.  Stools also line this bar as well.\n\nCash or credit and you can always start a tab.  I believe Tuesdays they now have a Bingo event available as well as a dart league.  Bartenders are always friendly and if you frequent enough remember your libation of choice.  One of the best bars to go to in Shadyside whether you are gay or straight.", "type": "review", "business_id": "7pgmsGEqV7yawGM4b4fRrw"}
