{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 4, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "0nOIH8qIMnmZdLCTemnRsw", "review_id": "H7VyYt7Cx83QsAThrzF3EQ", "text": "Wow, lots of low reviews... but I guess my experience was somewhat different?! I came here last night for a late dinner. I always wondered if their food was doable. I came around 9ish. No I don't smoke hookah. So this review is on my HC experience minus the hookah. I had the gyro & fries with a smoothie. I enjoyed my meal, but I do have to say, it was on the small side and didn't fill me up. Kind of pricy too. I say almost $20. They don't serve you water, what's up with that? They didn't give us napkins either. blah. Habibi's wasn't crowded... there wasn't a long wait for the food. Customer service wasn't bad either. Street parking wasn't hectic and free. This place is like a smokey whole in the wall, nothing fancy, on the run down side, but a good place to hang out with friends if hookah is your thing. I know this place gets packed. So if you don't want to deal with a crowd seems like Thursday night is safe. You can dress casual here. My friends friend works here... so we knew a familiar face. Which is always nice. No we didn't get any discounts. booh! I wouldn't suggest to come here for dinner. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here and smoke hookah if I was a hookaher... but I would suggest stopping by here if you're in the area and want to smoke hookah. Don't know if I'll come back and if I do... I'll be back to eat not smoke. It's bad enough smelling hookah and walking out smelling like a walking hookah. What I probably like the most was the music! I'm an arabic music fan and they had really fun music playing. -1 star for the high price tag... this place is not that fancy. Or maybe you're paying for the environment or location?! -1 for no water served and no napkins given. All in all, I'm glad I experienced Habibi Cafe in Westwood! My first experience in a hookah lounge. Never experienced anything like HC before. Where I'm from we don't have hookah bars... so 1 star just for giving me a new experience! This place is a iffy.", "business_id": "a8zs0zfAHa231nGGUutvrQ", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-01-15", "type": "review"}