{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "e8ctA42_X95wLlrf09YZQg", "review_id": "kW2sBb1xG3dgo3LiRACDSA", "text": "It seems like you either love or hate Border Cafe. I'm firmly in the former camp, having enjoyed nothing more than a delicious Border Cafe burrito since my high school days nearly 20 years ago. Border has a couple things going for it: 1. Fun, casual atmosphere. This is a place where it's totally ok to be loud and have fun with your friends. 2. Really inexpensive! Most menu items are under $10 including sides, and very generously sized. In the Boston area, this is a great deal. 3. Tasty food. I agree with other reviewers that Border Cafe in no way serves authentic Tex-Mex or Creole food. But that doesn't mean it doesn't taste good! My favorites include the aforementioned burrito, enchilada, and quesadilla, as well as the lemon-pepper chicken. I have several friends who swear by the fish tacos. And if you want a delicious heart attack in a skillet, try the chorizo flambado appetizer. Plus, the hot tortilla chips and salsa served complimentary are usually pretty good too. 4. Tasty drinks. Good margaritas, fairly good selection of Mexican beers. If you're not drinking alcohol, the soft drinks are ENORMOUS with free refills. 5. The crowd. This location of Border (as opposed to the one on Rt. 1) caters more to the college and young professional crowd. While you do see kids at lunchtime, the evening crowd is primarily grown up. The Rt. 1 location caters to families and has helium balloons, coloring books, etc. I appreciate the more grown-up atmosphere here. 6. Even waits are not usually ridiculous. They don't take reservations and so yes, I've had to wait to be seated, sometimes as long as 45 minutes if I'm with a bigger group. But you can always snag a delicious margarita at the bar, pop over to the Starbucks across the street for a pre-dinner coffee, or window shop at some of the stores on Church St. (not too far or your beeper will be out of range). I also find they usually seat you before the estimate provided. On the negative side, parking is tough (but that's why God invented the T!). Is this gourmet food? No. Is it a fun, affordable place to enjoy tasty food and strong drinks with your pals? Absolutely. Do it.", "business_id": "pvlM--HZY1a8SqMXiwEz1A", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-01-09", "type": "review"}