{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 2, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "pI44KNBxtO_BeYM8KVx9BQ", "review_id": "KN9nSspsnyMWFHAhQt16Ow", "text": "It was hot in Claremont...I'm talking BLISTERING HOT with hot winds. Thank god I didn't pack on my mask before this outing otherwise it would have been a melted makeup mess. So we walk into Heros in hopes to escape the heat wave with a nice cold one and air conditioning. The first thing you notice right away are the peanut shells scattered throughout the restaurants. Sweet! Peanuts! And I can throw the shells on the floor! I like that. We sat down and ordered some beers and a pear cider for Moi. The large drink is probably as big as my head. It's HUGE! It's like drinking 2.5 beers in one glass. That made me happy especially when I found out how much these went for: $9 dollars each! I must warn you, do NOT come here if you're not hungry or if you're watching your calorie intake....this place serves BIG. We ordered nachos (no joke; a full platter of chips piled high topped with chili beans, sour cream, guacamole, black olives and onions), rib tips (served with slaw and curly fries), hot wings (careful, these are nuclear hot) and a seafood basket (not the favorite). All these items were big enough to feed a family of 20. I literally felt like throwing up after I realized how much food was in front of me. The service was exceptional...about 4 different servers came by to make sure we were okay. I must add that we did find a piece of trash in the nachos...which is usually not a good thing...but they took it off the check and everything was fine. Also, the seafood basket was nothing more than a breaded, flavorless disaster. And the rib tips were way too salty...I'm still retaining water! The hot wings were soggy...I like mine crispy and moist...not drenched to the point where you're eating soggy hot batter. Overall...its a fine spot for big appetites and thirst....and if you're into sports bar food... I'd rather stick to my hood and go to EJs.", "business_id": "f5nja4dPNifl6ywQStdQKQ", "stars": 2, "date": "2008-06-22", "type": "review"}