{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "1q7PliV414QnUR6xzo6Mmg", "review_id": "tTCA9olNt6X49oW02FPh-w", "stars": 5, "date": "2010-12-10", "text": "I needed an eye exam and kept putting off the appointment. I like the doctor at the previous vision center I went to, but the optician staff lied to me about an expensive pair of eyeglasses that I bought and refused to fix the problem so I dreaded having to deal with them again. I also needed a place near work as I am hard to fit and need to spend a month or 2 getting the frame adjustments done. So, Yelp to the rescue.\nBased on the reviews I finally scheduled an appointment with Dr. Murphy in August. The day I arrived it was busy but Dr. Murphy spent a lot of time with me and gave me a comprehensive exam and advice on dealing with a condition that was treated by a corneal specialist. She evaluated my old glasses so that we could determine that my polarized sunglasses were still good for driving, just not reading so I did not need to replace those.\nThen Carol helped me pick out glasses and was very honest on how they look! I gave her a vague idea of what I wanted and ended up with a great pair of everyday glasses.\nMonths later and I am still happy with my glasses. A scratch appeared on the frame days after I got them. They ordered a replacement for me, no problem. No matter how busy they are they don't mind making adjustments. BTW, this is why I waited to right a review. Over the years I've been to a few vision centers that are all service until you pick up the glasses and then they don't want to help you until your ready to buy your next pair.\nThe prescription is DEAD ON. I haven't seen this well since I had a pair of glasses made at MIT Optical in the mid-1990s.\nSelection wise, they cover many price and style ranges and they didn't push the priciest at me - even though I'm willing to pay for a good pair of glasses. \nI'm looking forward to going back and getting a pair made for outdoor sports.", "type": "review", "business_id": "0fC_ZBjBmdo53Cdz5PLyfg"}
