{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "JXnW7mGyMfojNsrG7nx_ug", "review_id": "qnEB9B_PGE4NBHS4xxlSQA", "text": "Urbann Turbann, I knew I'd fall in love with you the moment I saw your opening.  And now, finally after months since you have opened, I have come in. And fallen in love. Today, for dinner, (seirously, just an hour ago) got Urbann Turbann with a friend. The guy with the big hoop earrings is so nice and helpful and accommodating! He let me try the mushroom peas thing, let me get a wrap, but with the naan on the side and all the fillings in a container! You can put two different fillings, plus the masala potatoes for only $7! Trust me, it's enough for 2 meals. I got seriously full even before reaching halfway. The naan may be even huger than the ones at the Indian restaurants around here. KARAHI PANEER: yummy, light, refreshing. Loads of bell peppers and onions. Pretty good, but gotta say that the... MUSHROOM MATTAR: was the steal. Very hearty tasting despite being meat-free. Delish delish delish. Smoky, warming. MASALA POTATOES: creamy and tasty The tamarind chutney is great for dipping with naan. The coconut chutney is almost like a dessert! Pairs well with anything it seems, as its flavor isn't too overpowering. The really spicy red sauce (actually not too spicy, I just forgot the name) was yummy too. Not too spicy that it masked the food's flavor. Other Plusses: as much organic produce as you could want to pile on top of your wrap or rice bowl, natural meats, freshhh. Authentic tasting (at least to an Asian who's eaten at a Vik's, Naan'n'Curry, Curry House, Tandor Express). Compostable material, Chutneys in mini to-go containers, $1 samosas, flat screen TV. Tip jar going to charity is an awesome thing they do. If I wasn't so stingy a college student, I'd go here every week. I'll definitely have to come back and try the butter chicken (tandoori chicken plus cream sauce, yum sounding right?). You reading this, go here NOW.", "business_id": "-t6JanEk_V6VzctlTyr6eA", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-02-17", "type": "review"}