{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "1xJwMqmvVXPwY7yEVQIc-A", "review_id": "AerEIuY1WtZa6AP-WK6zkQ", "text": "First off, I am from Chicago, a tourist. Upscale my ass.. we see clubs like this a dime a dozen in Chicago.  Jacket?  Maybe two guys out of 10 had jackets, though everyone was dressed to impress, ladies were looking fashionably lovely. Cocktails are motherfucking expensive.  They're not great, they're overpriced.  A Stoli Vanilla and coke in a regular glass was $7.  I asked for a tall, (anywhere else in the US, this would be maybe $9-10) this asshole charges me $14!!  I told him, that was outrageous.  He poured it out.  ?? Cover was $10.  Still too expensive for a Friday night.  It was midnight and the place wasn't at all close to being \"jumping\". The DJ plays all kinds of music.  Yes, trance and house are spun, this dude probably used to go to raves or know the scene, too bad people at this club aren't into the music.  DJ takes requests.  Which often times spoils your groove.  You could have 4 awesome hip hop / r&b hits and someone requests some salsa music.  And not something that sounds good, that gets you moving, but something that is lethargic.  Maybe I don't have an ear for that.   This place is tiny.  Bars on the left and right, I'll always remember my waitress, she was so lit, she didn't even notice when her \"D\" boob popped out of her top.   The men's room was silly, its properly partitioned between urinals, but.. they don't have napkins.  They've got small white towels, unattended.  Fuck that, how do I know no one did anything to them. Nasty! I think they closed near 3am.   There were gold diggers, but it was easy to talk to them.  There were more normal women there, nice looking ladies looking to mingle.  (I was surprised at the amount.  I'm coming from a city where any night can be a potential sausage fest.) I'd go back, you can haggle with the bouncer on cover. Single guys with even a single ounce of suave can meet a nice lady, vice versa. If the DJ can get his head on right and play music that everyone can enjoy instead of just playing for one group, this could be a great place to party. I had a great time that night.", "business_id": "pLuntPgXBgUcA9mp7WA4kQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2006-10-25", "type": "review"}