{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "70kDDlbIQ-HqwQ3W4bEKFw", "review_id": "6NEUO3PW67-6jpB7d2XUcQ", "text": "I just went to brunch here yesterday for the first time. The food itself was top-notch. I had the veg. Omelette Duxelles, and the eggs were noticeably unusually delicious. And the mushroom filling was fabulous, too. A very good 1/2 pot of tea, though I do have to agree with some other reviewers on here--the menu is only slightly overpriced on the whole, but one really doesn't want to pay $5.25 for tea. I'd definitely go back and eat more of this delicious food, but I agree with others on here that there's something of an atmosphere/service type of problem. First, the hostess asked sort of inconfidently if this absolutely ridiculously-placed table was okay for us. Nope.Then someone tried to take my plate when I was still eating, and we generally felt rushed by the staff. (Granted, a huge crowd was waiting. But if I'm going to spend $20 on brunch, and haven't been taking up a space for a crazy-long time or anything--eh, I want to finish my tea and converse for a minute.) The use of space here is kind of crazy. I got up to go to the bathroom before I left, and the tables were so jam-packed that I had to walk along this handicapped-accessible ramp to get through the throng. I'm not sure how the servers were getting food through. Despite the handicapped-accessible ramp going over a small stair (I think), the overcrowding means the place in general doesn't seem very handicapped-accessible, even if they're claiming to be. I also noticed a guy who was blind and being led by his dog seemed to have a pretty hard time getting from his table to the door. Then when we went to actually leave--as others noted, WTF with the no-waiting-area? Everyone was literally packed into the entrance way. Maybe 15 people directly between the doors and the hostess station. & you actually had to sort of push your way through. Has got to be a better system--either give up some space to make a waiting area, or make people stand outside to wait. Certainly the place seems to be doing well despite the problems, but be prepared for a little raucousness. And maybe avoid the weekend rush if you have any sort of mobility issues. Fab food tho, and I bet it's great if you hit it at an off hour.", "business_id": "BlUEgCOGzDwpOWnkQn3odw", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-03-28", "type": "review"}