{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "4UMRYmz73tevnl6Ee3RA8w", "review_id": "k7NYdub_i5Zfb6WcjmNlUQ", "text": "I love this place, too bad it's so far away from my home in Olympia. :( The entire staff is very friendly. Being Salvadorean, I am particular about my pupusas. They have to make them just right and Guanaco's Tacos makes the best ones out there, at least out of the other 3 pupusa places I've tried in Washington. I ordered the sampler platter (I've uploaded a picture to Yelp) which comes with three traditional Salvadorean items, one pupusa (I ordered revuelta; pork, beans loroco and cheese), yucca (I ordered mine fried instead of boiled) and one pastel (fried corn dough filled with a ground beef mixture). Their pupusas: The dough is greasy-crispy on the outside, the dough inside is soft and the filling made of ground pork (chicharron), beans, loroco and cheese) is seasoned nicely and was oozing out of the pupusa as I cut into it. My mouth is watering as I'm typing this! Pupusas made to order! The Yuca Frita : Another Salvadorean traditional dish is served with fried or boiled pieces of yucca. I ordered mine fried, again, it was crispy on the outside and soft and tender in the inside. It is topped with slices of tomato and chicharron (fried pieces of pork). The Pastel : Another fried item on my plate, corn dough filled with a ground beef mixture. The filling was juicy, seasoned right. The sampler plate comes with a side of spicy curtido (shredded cabbage, carrots, onions, oregano pickled in vinegar, kinda like coleslaw but pickled). Some curtidos can be spicy but this one wasn't very spicy. Salvadorean food isn't known for its heat, usually mild. Horchata: A typical Central American drink made of rice, cinnamon, morro seeds, sesame seed and other spices. I was very surpsied with Guanaco's Tacos' version of Horchata. The owner told me they add Salvadorean chocolate to it (they import from El Salvador!). It tastes rich and very good. It's a first for me and I'm sure there are regions of Central America that make it this way. Certainly different and a whole lot better than the usual rice and cinnamon drink you find at many Mexican/Salvadorean restaurants who use pre-packaged powder forms. My husband ordered the pork burrito. When he took the first bite, I saw him rolling his eyes as if he was in heaven. He really enjoyed the burrito. Everything was fresh and made to order and I will be coming back again. I promised the owner I would bring my parents to try it out next time. A cool thing about this place is that in the 30 minutes that we were there, Chileans, Hondurans, Guatemalans and Salvadoreans (myself) walked in for some good food.", "business_id": "USoCUrnuGw1mwzVpo_dlmA", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-02-25", "type": "review"}