{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 11, "cool": 8}, "user_id": "roBZAkSams3dGo9Pl_C-dw", "review_id": "heBQgHp0oWNfCIAADZEeLA", "text": "My boyfriend decided to surprise me for our Valentines dinner. We had already discussed ahead of time that we were going to celebrate sometime on the weekend, vs on actual Valentines Day since it was a Monday. Where we were going, I had no idea... until about 30 minutes before when he dropped a few hints and I figured it out. Needless to say, I was super excited because I had been meaning to try this place! Jeremy K had given my boyfriend a tip before we headed out. Originally, he had asked for a quiet table, but per Jeremy K's recommendation of sitting at the bar/prepping area we decided to do that. What a treat! You can have a quiet table in a nice restaurant anytime... but having ring side seats for the prep of all the food was truly something special to watch. Those guys move around SO FAST, you'd swear they were former professional athletes. Scoop some ice cream and plate it here, run and pop bread in the oven there, throw some precisely placed garnish on a dish, and send it out... you name it, they did it all. My boyfriend and I have VERY different tastes. I can't eat seafood. He doesn't like meat (other than chicken) and doesn't like creams/cheese, etc. He likes red wine. I like sweet white wine. Being that it was our Valentines day celebration, and he is a true gentleman, he gave me ladies pick for the wine. I chose (with the help of our server) the 2008 Willi Schaefer Riesling. The wine was a sweet, wet, wine... just the kind I like, and for $55 it was a very nice bottle, and both of us enjoyed it. For dinner our server was really talking up the Chef's tasting, and after I told her that I always missed out on those because I can't eat seafood, she assured me it was no problem to do one all meat. I thought this over and although I can be a picky eater... decided I was going to go for it. My boyfriend decided he was just going to have some seafood... and then we were told that when they do the Chef's tasting, they really ask for both of you to do them. Not to worry... they did his all seafood since he doesn't eat most meat! We heard our order get put in \"Tasting All meat, Tasting All seafood.\" Fantastic. Now, I'll admit, I am not a foodie. I have absolutely no idea everything that I was served. I know I had some pig cheek (wasn't a fan of the texture of this), I had a few different types of foie gras, goat with soup around it, and all kinds of other dishes. For one of the courses, Chef Tony Maws himself came over to present it. In fact, just about every course had a different presenter. It made me realize how extensive the knowledge ALL of the staff have... not just one or two people. Now, again... I'm not a foodie, so I apologize for not doing these dishes justice with describing what they were, what was involved, and how rich the flavors were.... because they were truly amazing. The sweetbreads were good, but knowing what they are I don't think I'd opt for them again. My boyfriend loved just about every bit of seafood that crossed his plate... and we were so stuffed after this tasting... but wait... there was dessert on the way! We were served some sorbet to cleanse our palates. This is probably the only sweet thing that my boyfriend likes to eat. We made a comment similar to this to our server and she goes \"Well.... there is more dessert on the way... what kind of desserts do you like? You're not a big chocolate fan... okay... do you like... cake?\" After a bit of back and forth she talked with the chefs. Not only did my boyfriend get an extra scoop of the sorbet, but he was also given a dessert that best fit his tastes - an apple tart of sorts. To top it all off I had a glass of Muscat, and my boyfriend had some green tea. Our server retrieved our coats for us, and even called us a cab. Excellent customer service from the very beginning until the very end. We left very full, extremely happy, and very impressed with our early Valentines Day celebration. Other restaurants should take a lesson from Craigie on Main's customer experience, as few execute on it so superbly.", "business_id": "58cDJU4cub1o0o0B4h9GrA", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-02-18", "type": "review"}