{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "YE4atMDGY4NNO9ld_MeP7Q", "review_id": "IELr1cdE2EQGCDFgURdjbw", "text": "Oh. Snap. Review number two. I'm first place of all the people not first place. That makes me number one. Point: Me. I've been going to the driving range since the dawn of time. On day one, God create the light and the dark. On day two, God created a 50 yard marker shaped like an over-sized stop sign with kumquat sized dents. Day three came the ladies. Somewhere that got lost in Hebrew-English translation. Separation of waters wasn't until day 17 or so, right after beer and before Hannah Montana.  UW students get a discount and non-UW students get to talk about how they once were and/or are friends with a UW student and deserve a discount. The clubs at the location are abysmal, especially if you're a lefty. My friend, a righty, also found out that all of the right handed drivers were broken. The buckets are large though and a reasonable price, and there are plenty of greens tees open, although most are uncovered, which is lame if it's raining.  There is a lot of room at this driving range and visibility is excellent. However, the range has gone through some changes, and these changes are not excellent. Excellon't. That's a word I made up because otherwise this review would be really boring. Also, 3.14 is PIE backwards.  Okay then, on to the changes: - The awesome 50 yard signs were replaced with flags. This is unforgivable. Minus 700 stars. - Every 50/75 yards or so they created raised greens. That would be neat if I was practicing chips or approach shots. It's a driving range though and I planned on driving. - What makes the first point in the second dash relevant to the second point in the same dash is that because the greens are raised, it is impossible to tell how far your ball goes beyond 200 yards. This is a considerable problem. 200 yards is a mediocre drive, and part of the fun going to the driving range as a non-golfer is to see how far the ball goes. All I know is that it went over 200 yards. Beyond that I know nothing. Did I hit the fence? Did I barely make it over? Is my vision fooling me and I didn't even reach 200 yards but the 50 yard raised green is in my way and it's causing an optical illusion? Even real golfers (the ones that go to a driving range and practice their 7 iron) are going to run into problems figuring out how successful they are if they can't see the greens they're supposedly landing on. Raised greens were a bad idea at a driving range that was originally best in class, especially the raised 50 yard green that pretty much gets in the way of all other greens. Despite these serious flaws (the loss of the 50 yard sign being the most tragic), it's still one of the best driving ranges in Seattle, and the best driving range at the University of Washington, hands down.", "business_id": "n-YgoFxkkjCC32lKpliVEg", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-03-07", "type": "review"}