{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "ukpkGA0sEFqh1hH_HcTCyQ", "review_id": "NoemNxuxqd_AOK5WDDVI3g", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-01-18", "text": "My wife E and I dined at EVOO with another couple earlier this week. She would have given it a 4 or 5. I'll admit I'm a little harsher, and I get more weight because I'm writing the review. In short, the service could have been a little better, the food wasn't memorable, and it was a bit over priced.\n\nI should start by saying we all had a good time. The food was decent, and the atmosphere was pleasing. I'll list my complaints.\n\nFirst, it took the waiter 10 minutes to get to us to take our drink order. That's too long. Then it took another 10 minutes to bring the drinks. There were only 3 or 4 other tables seated in the entire place, so I can't imagine why this took so long. I would add that drinks came slowly throughout the night. Did we look like the kind of people who were going to get rowdy?\n\nSecond, the food was decent, but in my opinion, aside from one dish, the food was not memorable. I ordered the baby arugula salad to start and the chicken breast filled with oxtail. Was it good? Yes. Was it memorable or exciting? No. With one exception. E got the roasted butternut squash and apple salad, and truthfully that was the best thing I tasted all night. It was truly incredible and put a smile on my face when I tasted all the flavors in harmony. I would come back solely for this salad and a few drinks. She really enjoyed the scallops and beet risotto croquette, too. I believe our friends enjoyed the fried oysters, the Chinese box (I thought that was a little gimmicky), the little neck clams, and the butternut squash cannolis. I can't speak for those. But what I tasted was good, but not amazing.\n\nThat being said, was it worth the price? I respect that there are good, local, seasonal ingredients going into these dishes, and I understand that a certain price tag comes with that. Fine. But when left I felt, just a little, like I got taken.\n\nWill we go back? I'll try anything twice. Yes, we'll report back in the summer when the menu is drastically different. But I'll be looking to be impressed.", "type": "review", "business_id": "6Ax2uEsGQCE-2Oxqoe8BWQ"}
