{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "B-Y5sI9ZU_urbUzPAbE1iw", "review_id": "md4YJxBLfXl4U0moyUatyw", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-10-08", "text": "Went to The Lab for the first time with a couple of friends yesterday before the Arcade Fire concert at the Shrine (great concert, btw.... ARCADE FIRE IS AMAZING!) It was a group of 6 and we got there at around 6:30 so we knew there would be some type of wait. Its ok, it gives me some time to admire the layout and design.\n\nThe \"lab\" theme is perfect... the lab bench tables and stools worked great and the white subway style tiles really gave it that old school lab feeling. the beakers and lab lighting just worked... kudos to the designer. and extra kudos to the bathroom designer. the communal sinks are perfect, thinking of stealing a couple of their ideas for my bathroom. only downfall, the napkins were not replenished, had to dry my hands on my pants... not cool.\n\nback to the food and beer....We waited around for about 5 or so minutes until our party was seated. We were here to drink so we ordered our first round of drinks... a couple of the ladies ordered the dreamsicle and the Freudian sip, both tasted like orange bang... good stuff. the guys ordered beer. All in all, we had two large bottles of La Fin Du Monde (nice citrus taste to it) and two large bottles of Chimay Red (you can never go wrong with Chimay).\n\nfood wise, finger food was the food of choice.... the sliders were delicious. right amount of sauce and the meat was juicy and tender. good stuff. we also ordered the calamari (one star down). the calamari was too salty and they are not your usual crispy calamari, these looked like fish sticks and were soft just like fish sticks too... no thanks! we also got an order of fries, basic fries, nothing fancy just good fries.\n\nservice was slow and we didnt get any napkins or utensils or plates until we asked for them. I get that we are eating finger foods but at least ask if we want napkins. our waitress was awfully slow initially but then slowly picked up the pace. The table was never dry, drinks were flowing.\n\nwe left happily at around 7:45 and made our way to the shrine. this place definitely met our pre-concert needs. Will definitely stop by for a drink next time I am in the area.", "type": "review", "business_id": "YvSqThnZr9gVfeJNnleQBA"}
