{"votes": {"funny": 6, "useful": 6, "cool": 6}, "user_id": "73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q", "review_id": "keyaZYL0_BndABQpGyniEg", "text": "The USPS on the Stanford campus is not exactly one of my favorite things, so you won't hear me singing its praises Julie Andrews style, but it's been there when I needed it most. And what would Christmas be w/out the long lines and all those bright paper packages tied up with string? This USPS is centrally located next to the campus bookstore, the Tressider student union, a branch of the Stanford Federal Credit Union, AND the famous Claw Fountain (decked in holiday joy, now that the recent \"bearial\" is over and forgotten - a gruesome ritual that sees an innocent Oski get impaled on its sharp and spiky metal tip before the Cal/Stanford football game each fall. Stuffed animal abuse is SO senseless and cruel). It's easy to come here on a lunch break or if you happen to be touring the campus for fun, as apparently lots of out-of-towners tend to do. I have always received good and timely service here, even if students tend to clog the lines when classes are in session. There are usually two to three counters open, so if one patron seems to be spending an inordinate amount of time getting things squared away, at least the overfill crowds who just need stamps or have letters and packages to mail can funnel through w/out more than 5 minutes or so of waiting. No one comes to the post office for fun. Or to have a memorable experience. Let's face it: it's never gonna be easy for these folks to earn your top Yelp rating, and chances are that - sooner rather than later - you will have a distinctively poor time here or somewhere else, esp. during tax or holiday season. But remember this, as you are reaching for that 1 or 2-star rating: American citizens and permanent residents fund this unsung public service, w/out which it would cost one HELL of lot more than 40-something cents to mail a letter 3000+ miles from Nor Cal to upstate NY. And corporate conveyors of parcels like FedEx, DHL, or UPS definitely charge more than $11.30 to mail a book to Adelaide, South Australia. These are real-world, recent examples, not random ones! Don't let the USPS become any more privatized than it already is. Suck it up and wait patiently for the lines to thin out and don't act like a diva when you get to the front of the queue. B/c the only thing that would really cause me to have a bad time at the post office would be idiotic, immature customers, not stressed-out, overworked staffers. Help make the USPS all that it can be by smiling and saying thank you - or by registering your criticisms in a civil manner. The USPS has been a public good since the days of Ben Franklin. Keep it that way!", "business_id": "mQSwnJ31A-fxscL8-0sXWg", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-12-18", "type": "review"}