{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "lNuBaaILeBuwJiT-5B2anA", "review_id": "3OhPM2qQPv4Qr9SjR4VmHw", "text": "I've been anticipating the opening of this place since my boyfriend was hired (later declined for a more immediate job elsewhere) as a line cook back in February. I have to say, I'm not disappointed! The newest of the Grafton Groups endeavors (owners of Temple Bar, Grafton Street, etc...to correct Clayton's review) has proven to be in great taste! Having gone twice in the past 10 days I can say this is quickly becoming a new favorite spot. I was pleased my first visit by my cocktail choice (Jacobin's Club) and even my boyfriend, who is a self proclaimed anti-cocktail imbiber, was impressed enough to order a second round of his whiskey based cocktail (the name of which escapes me right now...Hanger something?).  I was also intrigued with the St. Germain cocktail available by the pitcher. So much so, that after ordering it on our second visit I've decided it will be my go-too summer cookout beverage. Light and refreshing. Despite the current trend in the bar world of using elderflower liquor whenever possible, it was simple and impressive. A great use of the medium. Moving on to the food. I was insanely impressed with the charcuterie plate. The amount and selection was generous for the price point but lets hope it stays that way! My friends and I (4 of us) ran out of toast points and were desperate for vehicles, thank goodness they brought us more. I enjoyed my steak frite as the potatoes were actually crisp and were a great compliment to the perfectly cooked meat. The one thing I will say though is that the pizza my friend got was lacking in spice/flavor. But if thats the only thing wrong I can't fault them. The service was great, just attentive enough and definitely well versed in the menu offerings. Two thumbs up! I'll certainly be spending some QT here in the near future!", "business_id": "_9ZZv5V-uM5BXx3P-HslIw", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-05-12", "type": "review"}