{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "jz3noszEZi1qs8klgV4UgA", "review_id": "g_PZNrFovTjk7BnxwCCLHA", "text": "I am very torn writing this post. Cedric is a gem and it suits Harlem perfectly. The atmosphere is quaint, but lively at the same time, packing in tables anywhere they can in the well lit, open dining room. I came here on a Saturday with a few buddies for a birthday (without a reservation) and were sat right away. I was impressed at first glace. It was, without question a French inspired restaurant with the way it was decorated.  The five of us were sat next in the corner near one of the open windows/walls and next to the live music. While I can certainly appreciate being serenaded with live R&B the technical difficulties the musician had definitely took away from the experience. First she sang one song and then left the \"stage\" only to return about 5 minutes later reintroducing herself, then once she finished her song she left the stage again for the same amount of time. When she returned she introduced herself...again. After singing her song we were sure she would leave for a few, but sure enough she decided to stay, but while attempting to move on to another song her mic went berzerk and gave crazy feedback for about 15 seconds, leaving the whole place in agony. I don't know if it was her manager, or part owner of the bar, but whoever it was with her was sitting near us watching and freaking the hell out about her performance, swearing under his breathe. I thought his head was going to blow up. It was hilarious. Anyway, on to the service and meal. Our waitress was an extremely attractive woman... that's about it. She would bring our drinks over one at a time, I assume trying to not to strain a muscle.. who knows. However even though she would take her sweet time the sangria was really tasty and def did the trick. For apps we got ano order of the mussels, which I have to say were the best I've ever eaten. The sauce was beyond delicious if I were at home I probably would have but the bowl up to my mouth and drank it. For an entre I got the flat iron steak, medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. I would highly recommend. So, as I said above I am very torn about this post because the foor deserved 4-5 stars, but the service was just so subpar it makes me wonder if I would go back. I mean nothing terrible happened besides what was said above and the fact that my friend ordered the burger and the waitress didn't bring ketchup so he had to get up and get it himself. Oh and she also didn't bring bread before anything came out, or even with the mussels. Honestly what kind of french restaurant forgets bread?! So yeah if you're in the area it's def worth a try. As I said the food is wonderful you just can't guarantee you'll get good service.", "business_id": "yue8UWXtQ38ddVn0fqAn0A", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-05-20", "type": "review"}