{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "YRcaNlwQ6XXPFDXWtuMGdA", "review_id": "NsTifzsU7gTYNx62PIMBOA", "text": "Well Estancia, I would have liked to give you my 800th review but you get #801 as the Wine and Food Festival edged you out. I had an excellent experience here. From day one in dealing with this hotel it was almost flawless. I wanted to surprise my friends with a visit in the middle of November. I kept an eye out online for deals and ideas. A couple days after my initial plan fell through, a Groupon for Estancia popped up. I called the hotel to check availability before purchasing. The employee was very patient and thorough with all of my questions about the hotel. I bought the Groupon and booked for two nights. I've heard horror stories of people buying Groupons or similar deals and being treated poorly or differently by staff. Not here. The staff were great from the second my friend and I drove up, to the second we were gone. I would almost say it was a little overkill. The grounds, buildings, and rooms are nice. You feel like you're secluded from the outside world when you arrive here. It's quiet and refreshing. The amenities within the room are pretty standard. Our room showed a few minor signs of wear, but was in excellent condition overall. We were on the main floor and had a walk-out area to a small patio. The Adobe restaurant for breakfast was good. There's a buffet or you can order from a menu. We ate off the menu and shared an excellent dish. The hash browns were especially tasty. The total, including a couple of bloody mary's was $40. We used the hot tub one night and was nice that we had it to ourselves. When one of the staff came by to close it down he was a little abrupt, but not rude. He just seemed annoyed that he had to kick people out. Overall it was a great experience and if I ever have the chance, I'll be coming back. Nov. 30-day challenge 30/30", "business_id": "zjDwn8LynUzPTeuEkPbRcg", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-11-24", "type": "review"}