{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "tAzVKolQwziaY3DgfmLEsQ", "review_id": "POYbeT8TBo8m4nMgwe59Yg", "text": "This review is long, long overdue. I live down the block from Sabrina's, was ecstatic when it first opened, and my boyfriend James and I have become regulars who know the staff on a first name basis. First, the food. We come here mostly for brunch (served ALL DAY and EVERY DAY), but have also come here for dinner (yes, they serve dinner!), and my boyfriend recently had his first experience with its companion, Spencer's Burgers. Even though by this time we've eaten just about everything on the menu, I'm far from bored with the food and it never disappoints. Even if something on the brunch specials (which change weekly-ish) makes you tilt you head a bit, just trust them. They know what they're doing. And it will be delicious. Large portion sizes (the stuffed french toast is literally larger than your head) are enough to fill my boyfriend's stomach, and satisfy me with plenty to take home and enjoy later. This is a great place for both meat-eaters (like my boyfriend) and veggies (like myself), for whom a variety of tasty foods is always available. James was wowed by the burger he got from their Spencer's Burgers the other night. I've been happily surprised as well by how good their dinner food is; I got a penne pasta that was rich and savory. Second, the staff! By far one of our favorite aspects of this Sabrina's is the very friendly staff and owner, Bill. Whenever James and I come in, Bill goes out of his way to accommodate us since we're there pretty much all the time. In my lifetime I've been a regular at many cafes, but have never been treated so well. It's really quite lovely. The staff are so friendly, go out of their way to be accommodating, and are low key, lighthearted people who are easy to converse with. Next time you're here for brunch, spark up a bit of conversation with whatever lovely person is taking your order. It will make you want to come back for dinner! Lastly, the building/atmosphere. So, I was a big fan of the Sabrina's on 9th and Christian before this one opened. This one has some major advantages. I love the art and mirrors in the restaurant, and love sitting in the patio area that has lots of seating along the windows, and has enough space so that James (all 6'4 of him) never feels cramped (it would be less of an issue for me at 5'0). As you probably know, Sabrina's brunch can get pretty backed up (call ahead the day of and put your name in to expedite your wait). I actually really *enjoy* waiting for a table at this location. Since the building is a commons that's part of Drexel, you can go right upstairs where there are several rooms with comfortable and elegant chairs/couches, televisions, and TWO pool tables. Yes. Pool tables. Distract yourself from hunger as you wait for a table by playing a game of pool. I love it. And no worries- they always check upstairs when they're calling people's names for tables so as long as you're paying attention, you won't miss your spot. Go here. Eat the food. Talk to the people. Play some pool. Lean back with a full stomach, and thank whatever energy/god/person you believe in for the fact that this Sabrina's is open and in full swing. p.s. go any time during non-rush weekend brunch hours and be seated without any wait! brunch food without the brunch wait!", "business_id": "6ewV-e7-39oqYUq3yZuIyw", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-07-02", "type": "review"}