{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "p-PUhsp05anDunttBVE7mg", "review_id": "z8Dk3KNT36dC2Yw1tfer1g", "text": "I am SHOCKED this isn't on Yelp, but...from a former Stanford University tour guide, here goes: Hoover Tower is the huge (14 storey) high tower you can see from afar, looming above Stanford's quad. A little-known fact is that the Tower is open to the public most weekdays and most weekends from 10am~5pm (closed during Stanford Finals/breaks) that has an AMAZING view of the Peninsula. If you pay about $5 admission, you get to visit the Hoover Library (not his Presidential Library, but a little museum dedicated to the Prez who precipitated the Great Depression) and the stupendous tower platform, which has near 360-degree view. For an added bonus, you get to ride in a spiffy old-school closet-sized elevator and hear a spiel jam-packed with trivia about the tower--height, age, that it's really a library holding rare papers, how long a penny falling off the top would take, etc. Trust me, you don't want to (nor are you allowed to) walk up the stairs. It's a long fourteen storeys. And yes, there is a thirteenth floor. This is a fantastic place to bring your parents or friends who have never been to the Bay Area, or want to get a better orientation of the South Bay and Santa Cruz Mountains. On a clear day, you can see across the Bay to Oakland. This is also a super-duper sightseeing stop for the geriatric set--Grams and Gramps will love the minimal-walking necessary. Wheelchair access is a MAJOR pain though, so don't try it unless you want a secret underground tour of creepy Stanford tunnels. It is _always_ very windy on top, so bring a jacket at all times except summer. During summer it's a great cool-off spot. Fun facts: Stanford alums get in free. The tower is 285 feet high. The Tower also houses scholars from the Hoover Institution, a conservative think-tank where many Stanford economics and political science professors have appointments. There are slick rotating exhibits just next door in the dinky Hoover Pavilion--they usually have something to do with California history. The tower has been the site of many a Cal/Stanford Big Game gag--no posters or similar are allowed off the sides from the platform. The platform has a carillon of bells originally donated from Belgium--they are the bells played at Stanford Commencement and other special occasions. The tour guides that take you around are Stanford students who work shifts between classes--they are great for trivia and lore and inside admissions tips--ask. Speaking of tips, they work for a campus wage pittance, so feel free to tip them if you think they did a great job pointing out the sights or giving you the spiel in the elevator. NOTE: The best parking is at the end of Galvez Street in the pay-per-hour lot behind Memorial Auditorium. There are also limited quarter-fed meters along Serra Mall (take a left at Galvez) in front of Encina Hall and Burnham Pavilion.", "business_id": "3CU32j5m54UJg45DDkgEsw", "stars": 5, "date": "2007-07-14", "type": "review"}