{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "MhADtHNC6pq4b3PgAVdzxg", "review_id": "JmrTvZGwZhbq79AkApOeWg", "text": "I'm only giving them one star because it won't allow me to give them zero. I've have TWO horrible experiences here - but the second one really is over the top. I took my WEDDING dress to this cleaners the week before my wedding to have it steamed and pressed. There was no detail on my dress - it was just plain silk taffeta - but they still charged $140 to steam it. Air and water. $140. Anyway. I paid them. Told them I needed my dress by Thursday, Friday at the latest - seeing as I was getting married on Saturday. They told me I \"might\" have it by Friday. Anyway. I dropped off my dress along with my cathedral length veil to be steamed (in addition to my custom hangar a friend made for me that had my married name on it). Thursday comes. No dress. Friday morning, the day before the wedding, they tell me my dress is ready. I walk in to pick it up and the lady hands me the dress from behind the counter - and it is IN A BOX. They did not press it. They did not steam it. THEY PRESERVED it. That's what you do AFTER a wedding. The dress was FOLDED and PRESERVED in a box - not to mention my veil was CRUMPLED in a ball underneath my dress in the box. And my custom hangar? Gone. When I asked where it was (through my tears at this point) they said they threw it away. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! They asked me why I couldn't wear it. I don't know, because it's FOLDED IN A BOX. Not pressed, wrinkle free, and on my nice hangar along with my veil. Anyway, LONG story short - they did, eventually send it back and press it correctly that same day. But I didn't have my dress until JUST before the rehearsal that evening - they did find my hangar in the trash... but did NOTHING to remedy the situation. Look, I paid $140 to have my dress and veil looking nice, NOT $140 to have it put in a box and give me a coronary the day before my wedding. I am a super laid back, easy-going, and understanding person, but this really sent me over the edge. I still can't believe they wouldn't even give me any type of credit, refund, or ANYTHING. I will NEVER in my life, EVER, EVER take an item of clothing to Deluxe Cleaners. In fact, I will make it my mission to tell everyone to take their clothing elsewhere. /rant", "business_id": "2FTmc5LabeAan7eFZtB25A", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-03-08", "type": "review"}