{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "zi5quqUgVrLTWDDzTPZLPw", "review_id": "1goE9Iu-FRf-MRVloBe3og", "text": "This is a quaint restaurant that is attached to a local hotel (with the same name) near the Cal Poly campus. The complex includes not just the restaurant and hotel but also a couple of gift shops and a bakery. The gift shops include home made ice cream and caramel apples.  Ice cream review: They offer very small containers of vanilla and apple flavor ice cream. The ice cream is good to very good quality (creamy) but neither the vanilla nor the apple flavors taste fresh. the Ice cream is ridiculously expensive for a very small container.  Restaurant review: This is a very traditional, country themed restaurant with a few updated menu items. They have an unimaginative salad bar and predominantly meat entrees. Their dessert menu is better with some bakery and ice cream specialties.  Their gourmet macaroni and cheese was horribly bland, tasting (and looking) pretty much like macaroni and half and half in spite of being advertised as having a gourmet combination of cheeses. Their salad, unfortunately used bagged (not fresh) field greens and an unimaginative dressing but at least was large. They made surprisingly good french fries that were crispy and flavorful with skin.  Hotel Review: Our room was heavily decorated with country touches and nick knacks but was also large and had a fireplace and a sofa. Amenities like top quality soaps were a nice touch and especially the apples and apple cider/tea/coffee/hot cocoa available at the front lobby. I enjoyed all of the effort they had put into the holiday decorations. The beds were comfortable but did not have the fluffy down comforters of higher end hotel rooms. The pool was small but still heated during the winter and the grounds had an interesting water powered mill/gift shop to explore with lots of gardens  .", "business_id": "Gx2873IIvAYb9eRvXKJoYg", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-01-08", "type": "review"}