{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 2, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "r0_TxtkN_YC-eSNFoulMOQ", "review_id": "wbnEGUWd-IaAN4roKtiw2g", "text": "Bottom Line on the Top Line: A great location that is one of your best choices for espresso drinks on UCSD campus. I have gotten approximately one billion lattes here, the Vietnamese coffee and regular coffee a couple times, and the pastries once or twice. Very good lattes! I generally determine the quality of the establishment mainly on the basis of the staple espresso drink, the LATTE (I'm a bit of a coffee freak, so I know my way around a latte). The lattes I've tasted here range from good (once or twice in a blue moon) to very good (most of the time) to outstandingly awesome (some of the best time ever). The foam seals the deal for me; best when it has a thick texture; and sometimes they get it just right. I'm sure it varies with the person making it. This is what turns the latte from very good to outstanding. The quality of the espresso is consistently very good, and their flavors (such as English Toffee, mmm...) don't disappoint either. Mochas are very good too. The vietnamese coffee (condensed milk on ice with espresso?) was awesome! Sweet and refreshing. I've never had anything like it. Try it if you haven't. Coffee was very good when I've had it; not over-roasted, not too weak. Make sure you taste a little from each dispenser on the side so you can tell what you like before you fill up your cup. NOTE -- Make sure you bring your own coffee-holding device for $1 coffee! Pastries were nothing exceptional in the times I've had them; but not bad if I remember correctly. Don't rely too heavily on my opinion here. The prices here are reasonable as can be for a coffee place. ~3.00 for a double latte (as of March, 2010). It adds up! Be sure to avoid using a debit or credit card unless you enjoy pointless 25\u00a2 fees. Service is usually great. Baristas and cashiers are very friendly and professional. My drink is often crafted before I expect it. No more than 2 minutes is lost waiting for drinks here. The location is great too! Right in the middle of campus, but just out of the fray enough to not feel stifled. Pleasant to sit around and do some light homework or read while sipping a coffee here. Or just to sip coffee. Yes, coffee is enough. Enjoy the atmosphere. It's San Diego, don't forget. 4.25 STARS. My standards are set very high. Basically, go here if you want an espresso drink and don't want to drive somewhere. I'll walk across campus for this place. Worth it. If you don't mind driving, and have money to spare (it's little more expensive -- true La Jolla pricing), check out Bird Rock Coffee Roasters. The Art of Espresso buys their beans from this place, and it is excellent. Good luck, friends.", "business_id": "khvWGKid1cahwwYuYa35Ng", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-03-10", "type": "review"}