{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "VJmJHuTeR-2Seg8-FOSJlw", "review_id": "Z-BJa6hjVQNY5X5KcQNQJA", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-01-07", "text": "I have walked by Algiers probably one hundred times and had no idea that it was a coffee shop. I swear I thought it was a jeweller and had no interest of ever walking in. My friend told me it was beautiful in there and practically dragged me up the stairs into the front door. You can only imagine my surprise when I realized this was not a funky, crap jewellry shop but a coffee house with a middle eastern vibe. \n\nWe quickly walked up the stairs to the second floor and shoved ourselves into a small table. There were a few tables of people, talking loudly but it fit in with the atmosphere. The wood work was beautiful, we had sat right on the edge of the center dome. I would have preferred to not be jammed in so tight, especially without another table near us but it wasn't so bad. Still full from dinner, I had planned on ordering a coffee. Maybe an espresso but nothing more than that. Imagine my surprise when I saw baklava on the menu. Waistline be damned!I was having myself a piece of honey, nutty, pastry goodness. My friend ordered a piece of chocolate cake and I also ordered the Cafe Royale (I believe that was the name of the drink, this was over a week ago and my memory fails me). \n\nFor the price, I would have liked a slightly larger slice of baklava and maybe a knife? But it was fine. The coffee drink was delicious as well.  I was slightly annoyed by the lack of a sugar alternative on the table and the waitress was not available to ask for one. Another strange happening was that a customer asked for a glass of water and the waitress pointed her over to the carafe and asked her to pour one for herself. This was not particularly bad and does not change my opinion of Algiers, I found it a bit puzzling though. \n\nI would bring out of town friend's here after a night out in Harvard Square. It is right next to the Brattle Theater and down the street from Border Cafe.  It has a nice atmosphere, with the wood work, funky artwork and opera music playing in the background, loud enough to hear but not be offensive. This is definitely a place to check out if you are in the area! Don't be fooled by the exterior as I was.", "type": "review", "business_id": "GPhnm_rcjkbc_b96DVS5HQ"}
