{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "e-MnVgmVO3b2_FLxWLyjGQ", "review_id": "x9tmNAoXoAKUP6WqYUKXUA", "text": "Buffalo Exchange obviously caters towards a certain hipster aesthetic. You should expect as much walking in. Likewise, you should not be shocked if the staff comes off as pretentious - it's part of the general atmosphere. When in Rome... Anyway, here are the main points: 1. Parking - as many have pointed out, it is extremely difficult to find a space. There is parking in the back, but it's still packed tighter than a group of terrorists in a mountain cave. 2. Selling - Yes, their buyers treat their job like a game of Calvinball - they make the rules up as they go. However, most people overestimate the worth of their clothes. If your \"designer clothing\" is worth so much, why don't you sell it on eBay? Because the effort/time/etc is built-in to the buying cost. Because even people on eBay won't pay your asking price. Moreover, most people overestimate how well they dress. Your Ed Hardy shirt may have cost you $100, but at Buffalo Exchange and most places outside of Jersey Shore, it is worthless. I've sold items here multiple times and usually walk out with about $30. It is not a personal insult to you if they don't buy your clothes. 3. Buying - the men's selection is pretty good. The sorting by size is probably the most helpful. You can find a couple of recent pieces here from Urban Outfitters or American Apparel if that's your cup of tea. Also, their vintage/thrift pieces are in pretty good condition and are fairly well curated. Their clothing for smaller dudes is relatively more diverse than most other similar shops. The shoes are not my style, but if you like skate stuff or street stuff, then you might find something there. 4. Employees - hit or miss. Like Ivy League hopefuls that end up in Plan II at UT, these are the kids that didn't get hired by Urban Outfitters. I've only had good encounters with the staff, but it could just be luck. The girls here are pretty cute, if at times, dressed ridiculously.", "business_id": "sUv1YTAiTWwDJCB-dGPVoQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-05-07", "type": "review"}