{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "EWv-QUwo3hMfoM04sIXdUw", "review_id": "9BDAIB7IY37DTmMaidiNuw", "text": "Ok, I have to say I have become very biased to this restaurant. It has become my fail safe. It is my surest recommendation, most eager to visit, and I always leave there in awe of the talent. Logan's isn't the new kid on the block anymore, but it pleases me to see that it survived the economic hardships of the last year. Many places closed as a result, but Logan's service and fabulous cuisine have enough people hooked, that they are sure to become a mainstay of downtown Ann Arbor. A typical dinner for two, can run you around $100. To me, this is a lot of money to drop on a meal, but IT IS WORTH IT. The potato gratin is the perfect new American spin on your mother's old recipe. The Green Olive Tapenade Gnocchi, OMG, I think I could eat plies of it, but the small portion works perfectly as a shared appetizer. I have tried most of the dishes at Logan's, but can't get away from my favorite, Thai Scallops. Absolutely perfect. Large Scallops, tender, and sitting atop mustard greens (or you can request spinach) look like little floats on a beautiful curry sauce, with mashed potatoes peaked in the middle. The portions are perfect. I have never left there hungry or with a box of leftovers. It's just too good to resist not to finish your plate. I have resisted licking the plate before, but low and behold - Soda biscuts save the day to sop up every last drop. If I have to say that there is a downside, it would have to be the non-seafood options. My companion is a very picky eater and sticks to chicken, beef or pork. He is most happy with the bourbon pork tenderloin on the menu, but I do wish there was one other choice for him. All of the desserts are a tasty topper to the evening, but again, I have a favorite that I absolutely cannot get away from, for which I lovingly call the 'death by chocolate ball'. Chocolate mousse, contained in a layer of chocolate ganache, rolled in cocoa powder, with a drizzle of pistachio sauce and pieces. Kevin, can pair anyone's palette to their meal choice, as long as you can effectively describe your wine preferences. The guy is brilliant. The service is spectacular and very knowledgeable in every aspect of what is on your plate and how it was prepared. Logan's restaurant is a dining experience for your palette. Lose yourself in the wonderful flavors and you won't be disappointed.", "business_id": "B0C8R0VWh_6HEzpLhKocGA", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-12-07", "type": "review"}