{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "1g_mZx98bQw0thTZi6Rx6A", "review_id": "kFfPIOzKkg5F-NeBaTmPDA", "text": "This place gets one star because you HAVE to give a star. Horrible. That is the only way to describe this place. Miserable service, the waitress/owner was in a bad mood and took it out on our party of 15. The food is not good, Taco Bell is much better. The chips were tasteless and seemed to have come from a store bought no-name brand that had been opened last week. The salsa was horrible - no taste at all; watered down ketchup has the same flavour. I had a carne asada burrito and the meat was super chewy, not tasty at all and once slathered in Tapatio (that is, if you could find a bottle of Tapatio that actually contained Tapatio in it; the bottles on our table were all empty) - it was somewhat edible. My son had a bean and cheese burrito - again, unremarkable but something simple. I also had one margarita and water - those three together (plus 18% gratuity due to being in a large group) came to $19 and change. WOW - I'd rather go to Taco Bell, it would have been A LOT cheaper and tasted much better! The service was horrid. I had to ask multiple times for a to go box for my sons burrito and when I finally got it, it was tossed at me. The group I was in asked for an itemized bill so we could sort out who owed what and we were asked why. When we said it was to sort out who needs to pay what - we were told to use the calculator. Really? Then someone in the group spoke up and said it needed to be itemized so we weren't putting money in someones pocket; the waitress/owner came back and said \"well I own the place, so the money is already in my pocket.\" How rude. At that point, I paid my portion and left - but I assure you, I will never return. The food isn't worth it and the waitress/owner/miserable person leaves a rancid taste in ones mouth. Pass this place up and stop somewhere else. It's not worth the headache or the indigestion.", "business_id": "DQzcWaGG1D4oXs565omAMA", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-10-15", "type": "review"}