{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 10, "cool": 14}, "user_id": "K7thO1n-vZ9PFYiC7nTR2w", "review_id": "kh0HSna20vf0j3La7qWGtw", "text": "4.25 stars.  The University of Texas School of Law is one of the preeminent law schools in the country, and I am very fortunate to have earned one of my degrees here.  Yet, as much as I love the school, I cannot say that it is absolutely perfect.  I think it is important to highlight all aspects of the experience. First and foremost, it should be mentioned from the outset that this law school is going to be the best bargain for your money.  I was an out-of-state student, and I guarantee you it was significantly cheaper than other schools ranked in the top 15.  The quality of education is stellar (I have taken classes at other law schools ranked in the top 20, and I can assure you that while those instructors were very good, the UT instructors were better), and you will find that many of your professors have been prominently involved in the major legal battles of the past half-century.  The library, I believe, is the largest law library in the entire country, and the staff is professional and efficient.  If you want to be in debt for the next three decades, by all means, go to Penn, Harvard, or Yale.  If that isn't how you plan on spending your money after graduation, I would suggest the University of Texas. Next, the law school does an outstanding job building a creative and diverse group of students.  I certainly took this for granted while I attended school, but I have re-connected with many of my classmates, and I have almost always walked away thoroughly impressed not only by their exceptional minds, but also by their genuine care for the societal impacts of their craft.  I do think most lawyers get a bad reputation from a few bad apples, but the law school here does an almost perfect job of sorting through all of them.    Thus, if going to school with people you plan on knowing for the rest of your life is important to you, you should strongly consider UT. The career services office could use some work.  It was strongly tailored to the top 1/3 of our class, and I think that when you attend a top law school, it should not be a struggle to find a job post-graduation.  Do not believe the US News and World Report average lawyer earnings for UT or any other law school for that matter.  They are a complete sham.  My class probably made an average of 75K their first year out of law school; I think US News and World Report had our average salaries exceeding 125K.   Overall, I enjoyed my experience here.  It allowed me to temporarily find comfort in the legal world (albeit in an almost now completely defunct practice area), and I was able to make lifelong connections that  have influenced my career in a positive manner.  For any student who is applying for law school because they want to leave an indelible mark on the legal profession, I would certainly suggest my alma mater as a proper choice for achieving their objectives.", "business_id": "_kituqITvu0g0-HnfH8VCA", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-02-05", "type": "review"}