{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "NcIVAyjpdXVNomQej-bATA", "review_id": "YsI5051YmScDulheSf-F-Q", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-06-06", "text": "One of my friends delights in finding random cultural activities around LA, and so one Saturday evening we found ourselves at the Panorama for a storytelling experience: three musicians and a man reading stories.  The auditorium we were seated in was small; maybe 70 people could sit there?  The auditorium is falling apart: huge unpainted chunks, stains, and the seats we were in felt like they'd been in a high school auditorium since the 1960s, plus were held together with duct tape.  Still, it was charming, there was a puppet stage off to the side, and the room had old-fashioned moldings.  \n\nThe actual panorama, as others have described it, is up a spiral staircase.  I believe the scenery in there changes; at the time of our visit, it was an arctic view of ocean, glaciers, and clouds at night, highlighted by a recording of glaciers cracking (my friend said it was nothing like being in Alaska).  We couldn't figure out why the theme was chosen, how often the scenery changes, if somehow we didn't Get It and it was more than an art project.  Would I have been more impressed if I was a visitor 60 years ago, maybe I'm just jaded due to modernity?\n\nThere was a small art gallery in the very front of the building with photography I found boring.  There were posters for upcoming events, some of which looked pretty interesting.\n\nThe garden, though, is where it's at, and it seems other reviewers agree.  I wasn't sure we'd be able to see it at nighttime, but strings of lights illuminated this very beautiful, private place.  Vines, wonderful-smelling flowers, a gazebo with room for two, a completely-round gate, little pathways and a patio (crackers, lemonade, and sangria were being served): this may as well have been another world.  I would LOVE to see it in the daytime, and also find out where they're hiding the carnivorous plant collection that's supposedly there.  Carnivorous plants aside, the garden would be a MARVELOUS setting for a small wedding.", "type": "review", "business_id": "nrwk1orZZ1LvrLIBIz5QKQ"}
