{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "t_UFy3NkPfZIdVdaiMszmg", "review_id": "shsmR662opSTB_CRosWqRw", "text": "First, I would like to preface my review by saying that I am an actual patient, not a friend of the doctor writing a fake review as at least one review on this page has suggested has been happening.  (BTW - I was mentioned in a previous Yelp review as a patient and felt compelled to tell my story!)  :-) I went to Dr. McLucas last September complaining of a pinch in my lower right side.  My actual gyno couldn't see me for over a week, and my friend had suggested that I try her doctor (Dr. McLucas) because he will usually make time to see patients right away.  Skeptical, I called the office and they were able to see me within one day.  He told me he wanted to do a laparoscopy and a hysteroscopy, and scheduled me for the surgery within the week. Leading up to the surgery, the people he had working in his office were incredibly attentive and organized - answering all of my questions promptly via phone AND email.  I went to a private facility in Beverly Hills where I was treated by top-notch nurses and anesthesiologists.  Upon completion of my surgery, I was immediately told that I had a fibroid, and that they could schedule me to have it removed that same week, in the same facility. I went in and once again a couple days later and had the fibroid removed.  I was once again completely satisfied by the treatment I got at the surgical center.  Totally top notch.  Additionally, they had suggested that I do an overnight stay at the Pearl Recovery Retreat to get through the roughest parts of the pain post-surgery.  This happened to be on a floor of the SLS Hotel where I had dedicated nurses coming in every hour or tow to check on me, ask me what I wanted to eat (AMAZING FOOD), and whether I was feeling any pain whatsoever.  If I was, they gave me medication to make sure I didn't feel a thing,   Did I mention this was all FREE???  It was the best way I could imagine to recover from this surgery. After I got home, and for the following couple of weeks, the office checked-in on me regularly and promptly gave me advice for how to relieve discomfort.  In my follow-up visits, Dr. McLucas would routinely do blood and/or urine tests to ensure that everything was fine (I actually found out I was anemic and that I needed to start taking iron). As for the cost, Dr. McLucas' office worked with my financial situation and gave me an EXTREMELY reasonable bill for both surgeries and were able to keep it well within what I told them I could afford.  Additionally, there wasn't a separate cost for the private facility.  Sue - the billing manager - is a gem, and was indispensable in facilitating the billing process, as well as making me feel at ease. I can't recommend Dr. McLucas and all of those who work in his office enough for their extraordinary care.  I wish all doctor's would take their cues from him.  Maybe then people wouldn't be so disillusioned with the health care industry.  But don't get me started on that!", "business_id": "iZJmpNvUvdiWCjJMi3ZPGg", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-02-03", "type": "review"}