{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "lLBNHOm6JZSKkAlp9k1ZYg", "review_id": "LgTnB_DQNJR6ctkHTPGujg", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-10-12", "text": "I was really excited about coming here for my Relaxation Massage. Parking wasn't a problem at all and I was greeted as I walked through the door, and soon after offered something to drink. After waiting several minutes, Coline, the salon coordinator came to get me and bring me back for my massage. Although I don't think a masseuse needs to be wearing a uniform of any sort, she was just wearing leggings, tall boots and a tank top with a visible sports bra underneath. It just didn't seem appropriate to me. She was very nice, but I felt she should have been wearing something a little more professional.\n\nShe led me back to my room and gave me a few minutes to change. The temperature was fine, but the music was a little too fast paced for my preference when I'm trying to relax. She came back in and immediately got to work. I wish she had asked if there were any spots I wanted to her to focus on or avoid, as most other masseuse's I've been to have asked before beginning. I prefer more time to be spent on my back than anywhere else, but she spent very little time on my back (around 5 minutes of a 50 minute massage). The time that she did spend on it wasn't really a massage, it was more rubbing her hands back and forth on my back (I prefer kneading). She was also doing the motions very quickly, so again, it wasn't very relaxing. \n\nOther than feeling that she was going a little too fast and not in the right spots for my preference, I felt that the room was not in a good spot for a \"relaxing\" treatment. It was right next to their laundry room and across from the bathroom. So the entire session I was hearing the washer and dryer going and every once in a while I would hear the toilet flushing. Also I could hear people yelling in the next business over. \n\nIn the end, I still gave her a small tip. I have heard masseuse's in the past say that they need their clients to speak up in order to give the best massage, so I know that's partly my fault (I'm a little too shy to speak up like that). However I feel it was her job to ask before she started. Also, she personally isn't to blame for the non-relaxing atmosphere with the exception of the music which she could have changed to something more soothing. \n\nI don't think I'll be coming back or recommending this place for a massage. I've seen advertisments for other massage places that only charge $45/hour, much less than Touch\u00e9.", "type": "review", "business_id": "RFoqehBXxEb0zjuwotJrAg"}
