{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 4, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "ZJ0Z8N3cGu8zEtsy5KeLAw", "review_id": "pG1Hk4taHTWNOchP01se5w", "text": "The other reviews for Habitat Hunters are excellent, so my negative experience may not be representative of the company and certainly wasn't representative of any other experience I've had with a Realtor, either as a buyer, a seller, or a renter. All that follows is my opinion only based on my experience only, but in my month-long ordeal trying to rent a cool little guest house near UT, I found Elaine Dodd of HH to be alternately non-responsive, obstinate, and obstructionist and would not recommend her to any prospective customers who value efficiency, accuracy, or respect. My first warning sign should have been when Elaine solicited a $50 application/application fee from me as a prerequisite for even showing me the guest house, claiming that it was something her client requested. When I balked and asked if I could actually see the property before deciding whether I wanted to apply to rent it, she admitted that the solicitation was her \"jumping the gun\" and not coming from her client ( a sweet septuagenarian) at all. Not a big deal per se, but its my experience that if someone makes a misrepresentation in your initial interaction, its a harbinger of events to follow. After having to send two emails requesting a showing, I finally toured the property, met the gracious landlord, and decided to apply to rent. Since I live in San Antonio and had already headed back home, I told Elaine I could either turn around and pay her application fee in cash immediately or, more conveniently, continue driving home and submit my application electronically and pay the $50 fee subsequently. She instructed me to \"go ahead and scan and email the application\" to her to process. So, that's exactly what I did did...and then got no response. Many days later, I finally received an email from Elaine saying that my application had sat unread in her spam folder, but that it didn't matter because the \"Fair Housing Law\" requires that my application fee be submitted in the form of certified funds. I can tolerate a delay (although I don't how a Realtor can function in the 21st century with spam settings that exclude a rental application sent directly from one person to another), but it was frustrating that these new instructions were the opposite of her instructions 5 days earlier when I offered to turn around and pay the application fee in person. And it was annoying that she justified the new instructions by falsely (in my opinion) invoking the Fair Housing Act, which I'm pretty sure does not include heterosexual white males as a protected class nor stipulate whether I pay HH's application fee by cash, credit card, certified check, or a bagful of magic beans . Still anxious to get the ball rolling, I had to contact Elaine two more times in order to finally get my application processed, which it eventually was thanks to someone identified as a college student on the HH website calling to ask me for financial documents I had already submitted (privately, I had been told) to Elaine. I later received a voicemail stating that I'd been approved to rent and requesting a move-in date. So, I emailed Elaine with a concise range of dates (because my exact move-in date was flexible depending upon how quickly we could execute a lease) and requested a lease to review...and then I waited for the lease. And waited...After sending 2 more email requests for a lease, I finally got one...5+ days after my first request. And, oh what a lease it was: 16 pre-printed pages that were about 1/3 inapplicable to the specific situation of renting a guest apartment in someone's backyard and about 2/3 onerous, in my opinion. I've rented houses previously in Bel Air and Manhattan Beach, CA (not exactly neighborhoods with unsophisticated landlords) and never encountered a lease over 2 pages (or a rental process in excess of 5 days). Nonetheless, I emailed Elaine asking the best way to suggest some changes that would make the lease agreement more equitable (like protecting me from being evicted with one day's notice for failing to immediately notify the landlord of a change in my email address - an actual provision). I got a response saying the lease terms were written \"under Texas law\" and any changes could constitute \"practicing law without a license\". I'm not a lawyer, but I do know that any agreement between two parties is negotiable - and the fine print on page 13 of the contract said the same thing. So, I submitted some reasonable changes (and a couple of ambitious ones, because by this point I'd grown exasperated by the month-long process) and awaited a response hoping there'd be enough middle-ground to still execute a lease. But after a couple more days without any response, I finally threw in the towel and emailed my withdrawal. I missed out on a cool home, her client missed out an already-approved tenant, and Lifelock got a new customer because HH wouldn't return my personal documents when I retrieved my security deposit.", "business_id": "KjdpZIvLnR4gjWYcYnsWtw", "stars": 1, "date": "2010-03-23", "type": "review"}