{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "t17XTvb8hzpjBDzlZgMooQ", "review_id": "eexYObzW4mbZiTXwoFT_xw", "text": "3-Way HandRolls - * Horrible. Scrapings off of fish carcass rolled into handrolls with some spicy sauce and served with no wasabi. WTF is going on here? i had to literally order remikins and ponzu on the side.  Uni Sushi - **** It didnt recieve 5 because 5 is reserved for seaside fresh uni, but aside from that no complaints about their uni, especially priced at 4.95 Pink Roll - * Horrible.. How is this considered a good roll to begin with? i think it was priced at 6.50 on HAPPY HOUR, i felt completely ripped off because the slices on top of this roll were thin as stickers and so small if you were to look on top of the roll you could see the sides of the roll because the fish cut was so tiny. I feel ripped even on happy hour. Horrible excuse for a roll. and a chefs specialty at that. Hawaiian Tuna Poke Salad- *** The only thing that saved this salad from a 2 was the good slices of tuna that came with it. The salad dressing tastes like the oil squeezed out of lettuce on top of the lettuce so it tasted bland and bitter. Wtf kind of dressing is that? you expect me to eat a salad with lettuce extract? Sigh... Happy Hour at Yamato is bullcrap because everything is priced exceptionally high so regular prices are the prices of other sushi joints. Except maybe the uni and toro, aside from that everything is priced pretty expensive so happy hour means nothing. The place where Yamato is is however absolutely spectacular. High ceiling, fully loaded bar, nice booths, balcony, and a long sushi bar. But with a nice place i expect to pay high prices for high quality food, not subpar typical imitation crab filled rolls with stickers of fish on top.  Service - 3 Took way to long to get started, and didnt even come by to refill my water. But she was fast when we wanted extra sauce and what not. Food - 2 Average sushi joint, better to go to some small sushi joint as a regular than go here because this place reminds me of a puppy mill, it has all the cute rolls but they have hip displasia.  Pricing - 1 Horrible prices. Except maybe toro and uni but i was too scared to order the toro because i felt like the sushi bar would shrink my size and make my happy hour toro sushi a very unhappy hour sized toro sushi. 14 bucks for spicy tuna rolls with crap on top?  PASS Go and drink here and order a couple things as beer munchies, but as a dining joint? Id rather go to a smaller sushi joint that serves higher quality.", "business_id": "eqFRLwj2_0v_1y2y8Ur3cg", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-09-18", "type": "review"}