{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "pYHks0OTMOke-A1ZdK5WsQ", "review_id": "u7RCJ2R290319CCM-Cyqng", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-07-22", "text": "I almost want to do two separate reviews. I had such an awful experience and such an awesome one in the same visit. \n\nFirst of all I know it is a school. I went to Paul Mitchell The School so I thought I knew what to expect. What I learned today is that the structure of the schools are very different. At Paul Mitchell we were not allowed to touch anyone's hair without a consult with the guest and the instructor. What I experienced at Aveda was different. The girl came and got me and we spoke briefly. All I wanted was my hair to be cleaned up and textured a little. Simple. She clearly did not listen and did not know how to do a short cut. No instructor ever came over to converse with her about the cut. She fumbled her way through it, made my hair different lengths on either side, which I mentioned twice, and she insisted it was even. She then had her instructor sign off on my hair without her checking the work she had done. Frankly, it was a long and painful process. She either forgot or chose not to do the eyebrow appointment I had scheduled which was fine because after seeing her hair skills there was no way I was going to let her get near my eyebrows, those don't always grow back as easily.\n\nBecause this is a learning environment I let the front desk know about my experience. There was no way for the person who cut my hair to learn from her mistakes because she was not being guided at all. Because of this she is going to make the same mistake again. I have a full face and she jacked up my sideburns, over texturizing one, leaving the other bushy, and leaving both uneven. She also cut my hair in a way that aged me instead of giving me back the edgier hairstyle I came in with. The mom cut is not something I was striving for.\n\nThe front desk person I talked to comped my entire service (which I did not ask him to do at all, I understand that a school will be hit or miss), found a more experienced student to do my eyebrow and lip wax. I believe her name was Halenica, she is awesome! She also found an instructor to fix my uneven hair so that it would be up to par for my job interview tomorrow (the whole reason I was getting my hair done). \n\nI recommend going to the school but I would ask for an experienced student.", "type": "review", "business_id": "5KcNXYojdWmoCTbTzO1fMg"}
