{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "DLO-cIV9FZwJ9IsdbpURKw", "review_id": "uf4hIMdPGeZWhszaq9p1Ow", "text": "I should preface this by saying that I dined here with a pseudo celebrity chef so I definitely got the royal treatment, although I can't imagine the food would be much different had I gone on my own (I probably would have eaten a lot less of it though). The chef spoke to us a bit about the garden they're keeping near the restaurant and was really excited that he hadn't had to buy fresh herbs all summer. I have to admit, I get excited when chefs get excited about stuff like that, that's how much of a food dork I am. But in just speaking to the chef for a minute or two, it's clear that the restaurants motto and emphasis on local and seasonal cuisine isn't a hoax. I've been to all of the other Momo restaurants around Princeton and had excellent experiences so I knew what kind of standards to expect. The bread they served was delicious and fresh-- one should note that if you're served stale, bland bread before a meal, there's a good chance your meal is going to be... stale and bland as well. I couldn't name everything we had because the chef sent out so much food, a tasting menu of sorts. Some of the standouts were broccoli rabe and flank steak-- I love broccoli rabe and rarely find it on menus so I was excited to taste this since it came right from their garden. There was a tuna tartare with fried capers and a fennel sauce-- fennel also being an ingredient you don't see every day that was very tasty in this dish. I had a delicious ravioli filled with smooth mascarpone and what had to have been sheeps milk ricotta, also a rare find. Everything that was brought to the table was accompanied by a vegetable, most grown in their garden. Cooking vegetables to stand out more than a protein is really, really difficult to do, which is why so many chefs will tell you that cooking vegetarian dishes is hard. Each vegetable that was served to us was cooked perfectly and full of flavor. The meal ended with a panna cotta topped with a raspberry gelatin-- amazing. Not too heavy or too sweet, perfect consistency. Again, I was there was a somewhat famous guest so the staff was super attentive but I noticed that they were no less attentive to the other diners, and there were quite a few on a Wednesday at lunch time. We didn't look at the wine list but I'd be eager to go back for dinner and try some of the wines as well as the picnic basket meal which sounds adorable and tasty.", "business_id": "CiS3oaKZpfgXwPjpw-Y1gA", "stars": 5, "date": "2010-10-04", "type": "review"}