{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "hzJpuehCf7OR_UwEB9O5xw", "review_id": "rVvYcgazqU1_6JWaPF-cig", "text": "I really want to like this place. And there are aspects of this restaurant that I do like. For starters, the staff here is very friendly and the food does come out quick. It's a hip place that pulls of this cool look while seeming very low maintenance. I like that their window doors (or are they just called glass doors?) can open up on a beautiful, warm, sunny day. And their bathroom was immaculate. Small, with a very tiny sink, but very very clean. I definitely appreciated that. The only thing I did not love and is sadly, a very big thing, was the food. My boyfriend and I came here for lunch the first time and ordered the Baja Fish Tacos and Carnitas Tacos. We were really excited to try this place out and we had lucked out as it was a beautiful day so we sat on the inside by the window doors to enjoy the sunshine and warmth. We didn't love the fish taco but the carnitas were tasty. But the overall atmosphere with the sun and all left us with a more positive than negative opinion of the place. Fast forward to my boyfriend's birthday. We had eaten a late lunch earlier in the day so we didn't feel hungry again until around 11pm. But by then a majority of the restaurants in this area are closed. Doing a quick yelp search for restaurants currently open, Cascabel Taqueria popped up. We decided to give this place another try as we weren't 100% sure whether we liked it. Again, nice service, food came out quick, and very nice facilities. But the food was definitely not to our liking. We ordered the Pescado Tacos and the Puerco en Adobo. Again, didn't love the fish taco. (We had kind of forgotten we didn't love it the first time but we both love fish tacos, so any time we see it on the menu, we have to order it!) There was a very fishy aftertaste that even the lime could not hide. We were piqued by the hearts of palm and thought that was such an interesting item to add, but in the end it was kind of blah and left us underwhelmed. The Puerco en Adobo was sooo salty. My boyfriend didn't think it was too salty but did think the flavor was a bit off. I generally love salt but this was just too much. I ended up adding a ton of hot sauce to both items to hide the taste of the food. To drink, we ordered a Watermelon Agua Fresca and a Fruit Punch Agua Fresca. My boyfriend didn't love his Watermelon Agua Fresca.. he thought the flavor was too subtle. The Fruit Punch Agua Fresca is tasty though. Overall, we do have a pleasant experience as far as the atmosphere is concerned. But we just can't bring ourselves to do that to our taste buds again. I am willing to give this place one more chance to try their brunch. But I'll definitely pass on this place for lunch and dinner. Sorry, Cascabel, I did really really want to like you!", "business_id": "_5BoZ_C5zEl5M_MxT1W39w", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-05-14", "type": "review"}