{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "X0f52Vo_dP2uYA8_4riDvg", "review_id": "WdUn3mMdewikKvEa4M325A", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-06-03", "text": "I grew up in SLO, but have lived my entire adult life in San Francisco, so my tastes and expectations have grown above the small town of SLO. If you're a SLO resident my guess is you love it and it's the best thing in SLO, but coming from SF I have to be honest and say I wasn't very impressed. \n\nI've eaten there twice and although everyone was super friendly they just can't seem to get their service together. I have a feeling this comes from the fact that everyone working in the service industry in SLO is primarily a student at Poly. \n\nI made a reservation for a 9pm dinner online. It rained that day, so I expected to have a table waiting for us inside. When we walked in the hostess was no where to be found. 5 minutes after 9pm I flagged down a waitress and made them aware we had a reservation. by 9:15 the hostess finally came to us and explained the inside tables were full if we wanted to sit outside. I wasn't too thrilled with the idea since it had rained earlier. We decided to wait a few minutes. Another few minutes later I asked her to bring me the cocktail menu and take a drink order for us. It seemed I was a better hostess then her. A gentleman finally brought our drinks to us and explained it was on the house. I was happy with this and all was well. \n\nEventually we sat outside, which proved to be a much better choice. It's a darling patio all lit up with lights, sounds of the creek from the earlier rains and music from the pub next door. The atmosphere definitely won me over! \n\nAs for the food, it's a nice selection. Something I would be used to getting in SF, but the execution just doesn't cut it and reminds me that I'm only in SLO. For brunch I ordered the crab Benedict. I guess it was my fault for not reading the menu correctly, but what I got was not what I expected. I asked the waitress to make my poached egg runny. When she finally served me my food (waitress was very slow) I got a crab Benedict, literally a crab cake on an English muffin. Where was my egg???? She said it was coming on the side because it didn't come with it. What did she think I was ordering when i described the way I wanted my egg? I waited as long as I could for the egg before I had to just eat my meal without it or it would have been cold. The potatoes were over cooked and who wants to eat a crab cake on top of an English muffin? That's like eating a potato sandwich, carbs on top of carbs. The egg came at the end of the meal. Again, expected from a staff full of college students I suppose. I made it clear I wasn't paying for the egg and she kindly took it off the bill. \n\nThe second meal I ate there was dinner. I have to say the lamb kefta salad was delicious and I was with a Lebanese man who thought the same, so that says something! We also tried the scallops on the tapas menu. I thought it was a little over priced for a small plate, but it did come with 5 scallops, however they were slightly jelly in the center, so I could only bring myself to eat 3 out of the 5, which is a total waste of some good scallops. That pisses me off! besides they were served in what looked like nothing more then your packet hollendaise sauce. The duck confit empanadas were delicious. I couldn't see how they could go wrong with that though. \n\nI will say that both visits to this place I was pleasantly surprised with the bar menu. Bloody Mary's the first round and the French 75 the second visit. Both were spectacular! The bartender sure knows what he's doing! \n\nThis restaurant has the makes of a great place, but just falls short. Not once, but twice! I would not have lasted the 7 years it has if it was located in SF.", "type": "review", "business_id": "C44mTlN9hDsy9CGlgRQ8sw"}
