{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "5Mnorc9jtNx3_FrCw8Hilg", "review_id": "Kd7xSrwn3g2bCL314pV-qQ", "text": "The tri-tip sandwich is literally the best steak sandwich I've had... EVER. They pile a mountain of extremely tender and flavorful tri-tip on a perfectly buttered and toasted roll and serve it with the most amazing bbq sauce. I don't know exactly what they put in that bbq sauce but it's so good that I think I could eat that stuff by itself! Ok well maybe not by itself, but I definitely drench my fries and sandwich in it. It's perfectly sweet, tangy, and garlicy! Anyways, back to the sandwich... When you're eating the sandwich, it's like sinking your teeth into butter! I don't mean it literally tastes like butter, but I mean it's super tender. You never have to worry about pulling tough and fatty pieces of steak out of the roll after taking a bite. If you've never been to Firestone's, try the tri-tip sandwich before anything else. If you have tried it, then you can move on to their other good items on the menu. The ABC burger (avocado, bacon, cheese) is another great choice. The combination of those 3 ingredients along with a big, juicy burger is heaven on a bun. On days I feel like being a bit healthier, I like to get the steak cobb salad. The portion of the salad is pretty big and surprisingly filling for a salad. I've also tried the pulled pork sandwich, which was also pretty good. The fries are also very good. They are on the thinner side and seasoned perfectly. They go great with that bbq sauce! They taste the best when they're hot and crisp. They have however been on the soggy side a couple times when I got my food to go. Now, the prices aren't cheap but, honestly I'm always willing to pay a little more for a satisfying meal here. This place is probably one of the most popular places in SLO, so be prepared for a crowd just about anytime you go. The line often runs out the door but it does move pretty fast. How it works inside is you order your food at the counter and wait for your number to be called. The space inside (and outside on a nice day) can get very limited. On days like these, I usually just get my food to go. Definitely give Firestone's a try if you have not already. You will not be disappointed!", "business_id": "JrGSfjRqAtIZjjwC3FFQ4w", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-05-22", "type": "review"}