{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "y-jVXyJEQL88abroqRqtyQ", "review_id": "WQ_P6uyydiN89WcaVPfT-Q", "text": "DONT GET FOOLED BY THE 3.5 STAR RATING!! It's not worth your money. I was on my way back to Philly with some friends and since we were hungry, I thought, why don't I just check on Yelp to see if there's anything nice to try around the area. Well, since several of the restaurants with 4 stars were closed, we settled on this one (with 3.5 star). And you know what? I think the restaurant deserves at most half a star for serving edible food and that was about everything. Yes, the dining environment was good, with all the bamboo mats, the traditional Asian setting, the huge Chinese calligraphy on the wall. It was all very zen, thus creating a foolish delusion that the food must turn out well, just to match the ambiance. Well, as said, delusions were delusions. We ordered two sets of curry beef and one set of some raw fish cake, plus assorted grills on skewers. The skewers were cooked, and that was about it. The beef were bland, the mushrooms felt half-raw, the chicken were alright in taste but felt somewhat rubbery. And if you ever dared dipping anything into the chili sauce, the taste of the sauce would overwhelm everything on that skewer and leave you only to smack on the sweet chili sauce. The beef curry tasted funny, too. I have tried Japanese curry in many different places and I was still amazed how the beef stew at this place turned out to have nothing to do with curry. It's like dipping beef in curry sauce made from instant curry powder. If you know what I mean. Their side dishes were a lot better in looking on their menu than in real. I had four of them, fried peanuts (yeah, we are actually talking about Jap food here..), kim-chi cucumbers (which tasted like fresh cucumbers, with no kim-chi taste or whatsoever, despite they appeared spicy), marinated turnip and something else I had not touched (gosh, that was only last night, and I couldnt even remember what was on the side). By the way, even for these, they took close to half an hour to serve the food, which was in barely enough portion to feed a 12 year old. And the last straw? It was VERY expensive for what we had. 83 dollars for three persons. I could have king crabs if I were to go on for a cheap buffet somewhere and actually feel full after the dinner. Will never go there again. Bad bad food!", "business_id": "cznOCtKLI3oai4u8pxKBvA", "stars": 1, "date": "2010-09-05", "type": "review"}