{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "r_rq--jrcamw4XH2-J7nWg", "review_id": "vhHllyWaU1IW0Ve6ffbbvw", "text": "Black Dog, probably the best restaurant in Champaign-Urbana. Love that they serve the food on metal platters; no frills, just good food.   The pulled pork & brisket is excellent.  The pulled chicken is amazingly tender and moist.  The pork ribs are excellent, and on Wednesdays and Thursdays they have monstrous beef ribs that, while a bit expensive, are killer.  However, the rib tips are probably the best thing on the every-day menu and are the best deal on the menu.  Luscious, fatty meat with an incredible bark.  And each of their sauces is excellent as well, particularly the house carolina red, georgia peach, and mustard sauce.   The pulled pork and brisket sandwiches and platters are great.  But after you've been a couple of times, you start coming to Black Dog for their amazing daily specials.   The smoked pork belly on Saturday is just awesome, probably my favorite Black Dog offering.   $7 bucks will get you 3 tacos for lunch on Tuesday.  Your choice of chicken, pulled pork, or diced brisket + onions & cilantro and their homemade smoked salsa.   A great deal and a very satisfying lunch for a decent price.  But the pastrami on rye that they serve all day is even better.  Thick slabs of seasoned brisket, swiss, and delicious homemade Russian dressing on toasted rye bread that they get a couple blocks away from the local bakery.  Amazing.   However, Wednesday offers up a Cuban sandwich that is equally great.  Smoked ham, pulled pork, spicy mayo, swiss, and local pickles.  Perfection.   Other specials include smoked duck on Thursday nights which is tasty but pricey, beef ribs on Wednesday nights, and some fantastic catfish tacos for lunch on Friday. They also have 7 taps that are dedicated to unique and high quality brews and a nice selection of bottles.", "business_id": "9MnbQg7kfb_WgxoV0hXKSQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-11-13", "type": "review"}