{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "4tYgdgcR6b-ZfkD_204U9Q", "review_id": "ghkaJbC7VAK82DTxo6BRbg", "text": "I had been to Cambridge Brewing Company a couple of times over the summer.  It had okay service, decent-to-pretty good food, very good beer, and a nice outdoor patio.  The patio, beer, and room for groups were pretty much the biggest draws.  Therefore, it was definitely a second choice for dinner last night when it was (1) freaking freezing (no patio), (2) I didn't want to drink much, and (3) I was out with my boyfriend and we only needed a table for two.  But alas, it was a freezing Saturday night and Emma's had closed early (their heat broke), so we hustled off to CBC, which we knew was close. Oh. My. God.  It was like that scene in \"She's All That\" when Rachel Leigh Cook comes down the stairs before the big dance and she looks all hot and Freddie Prinze Jr. can't believe his eyes.  Just yesterday, I was still thinking of CBC as the nerdy art school girl with paint splatters.  However, last night, she emerged as a princess, and changed my image of her forever.  I think that the Cardigans' \"Kiss Me\" might have been playing in the background as we ate, but one can never be sure.  We decided to go out on a limb and order some fancier things than the traditional wings-and-nachos that we normally order here.  We started with the duck sausage appetizer (with lentils, chutney, grilled bread, mustard) and a pitcher of pumpkin beer, and they were both absolutely delicious.  We then split the AMAZING PUMPKIN RAVIOLI and a DELICIOUS ricotta-pesto-red pepper-sausage pizza before finishing with chocolate cake (very good, but nothing to wax on about) for dessert.  The total came to about 60 bucks.  I'm giving four stars to Cambridge Brewing Company for the following reasons: very good beer, good for groups, kind service, extremely reasonable prices (I would even say under-priced), a nice range of options for when members of your party want completely different things, and unexpectedly delicious food if you stray off the beaten wings-nachos-burger path.  The fifth star is for completely blowing away my expectations like no other, and for that PUMPKIN RAVIOLI.", "business_id": "Bmvu1grPzxECp7dxm8zerA", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-11-23", "type": "review"}