{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "_LsUc9USNpbAm3ODxASGDA", "review_id": "PYu-kQw4NQwx2AAzQV05tw", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-10-02", "text": "I woke up with a craving for sushi and in my experience Champaign hasn't been the best place to find a good sushi spot.  Regardless, I yelped to my heart's content and settled on Sushi Kame.\n\nTo start, when I looked at the menu I was shocked at the prices.  They were charging $4.50 for a bowl of edamame and some of their other appetizers and sushi rolls were just way overpriced.\n\nThe miso soup was very bland and the barely filled up half the bowl.  I work at a sushi restaurant and our miso soup isn't amazing or anything but it has flavor to it that the miso soup at Sushi Kame was lacking.  As for the portion size, I just didn't understand why they couldn't fill up that extra portion of the bowl...\n\nNext, the house salad.  The dressing is a staple that I've tasted at many Japanese restaurants and this one was just too sour and I couldn't take more than one bite.\n\nNow, the main course.  I ordered the Love-Love roll and the Sushi Special, which comes with 5 pieces of nigiri and a california roll.  I'm not a fan of the california roll so I asked the server to replace it with a spicy tuna roll and that I would gladly accept any upcharges.  She didn't know how much it would be so I asked her to just let me know.  She came back and informed me that it would be $0.25 extra.  She then returned 2 minutes later saying that it would actually be $1.00.  Now I wouldn't have minded paying that if she told me that from the beginning.  But it seems to me that if you're going to tell a customer a certain price for something you shouldn't go back on it...that was a little off-putting.  My love-love roll was okay, but the cilantro was a little overpowering.  I don't know if i would use whole leaves of cilantro in one roll..and the spicy tuna that came with my sushi special, well..it was one of the worst spicy tuna rolls I've ever seen or tasted in my life.  It had no flavor to it, and it was falling apart.  It was basically like the sushi chef put a piece of tuna and a little spicy mayo over it.  Again, because I work in a sushi restaurant I know that it takes a bit more preparation than that to make a spicy tuna roll.  And if you can't manage to make a simple roll like that, I don't know what that says about your skills.  The only thing that I enjoyed about my meal was the nigiri as the fish was fresh.\n\nNeedless to say, I will not be returning.", "type": "review", "business_id": "0-WocGTpO3Zm4q1Zzz49Rw"}
