{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 7, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "GVrce9vHj_njJnUeLIaUvQ", "review_id": "wetxRD1XiEGi8HjTsY7V_g", "text": "I need to update this, not because the sausages are any less delicious, but because the guy behind the counter was nauseatingly rude to people who were stopping in for sausages in the midst of their sunny saturday afternoon strolls.  Allow me to state my case: 1.  You don't call somebody's grandpa a waste of space just because he didn't know what he wanted the moment he stepped up to the door.  Especially when his grandkids are with him.   2.  A condescending \"theeeere ya go\" after someone places their order after 3.7 seconds of deliberation is wildly uncalled for.   3. You don't fly off the handle at a mom with three grade schoolers in tow because she called your offerings \"dogs\"  instead of \"sausages.\"  So maybe its technically incorrect to call a lingui\u00e7a a dog, but the place IS called \"top dog,\"  not \"top sausage,\" and a mom with three little ones frankly has more important things to worry about.      The place was crowding up with families when I was there, people coming in with a good mood to get a tasty top-dog, and the guy at the grill (who kept on calling it \"my store\" when he was berating people) managed to infect everyone there with his stress and tension.  Even though it was  sunny day, we scowled for three blocks after we left.   Rudeness for rudeness' sake doesn't fly anywhere. Not in south bronx, not in the outskirts of Beijing (both much grittier places where meanness might command respect), and certainly not in sunny, family-filled Berkeley.  This wasn't a display of the admirably strong political views posted all over the store (which I appreciate),  it was just gratuitous, senseless meanness that, in my view, makes it a business not worth soliciting.  I'm not your typical sensitive type.  Just read my other reviews.  But I do take offense when sweet mommas and grandpas are belittled needlessly in front of their kids and grandkids.  Imagine being six and hearing someone say mean things to your mom.  Or grandpa.  It doesn't matter who they are or what they're grilling. It's just wrong.  I'm taking my money and my cravings for well-garnished things-on-buns elsewhere.", "business_id": "qHmamQPCAKkia9X0uryA8g", "stars": 1, "date": "2009-04-06", "type": "review"}