{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "d_EvDoyrkxO6JBYZQI75SQ", "review_id": "3uXOnxdsF4GgURFOd-EIYQ", "text": "I've had my eye on Chili's Deli & Mart for a while now. Today I finally had a chance to grab a meal here. I ordered the vegetarian plate and a mango lassie. It was nice and light, and it reminded me of home style Indian. I've been to Andhra Pradesh a couple times, and I've been fortunate enough to have been invited to a few home meals. I refrained from eating the rice and curry by hand (I didn't see a sink or pitcher to rinse my hands afterwards, and didn't want to ask for a million napkins), but I did go to town with the roti that came with the dish. Again, the food was light, not greasy at all, and somewhat mild, but delicious. I was very excited to see my rice topped with mango-lemon pickles! YUM!! I wanted to ask for more, but I decided to wait till next time and ask when I place my order. The mango lassie was quite fragrant. I think fennel seeds are blended in with the drink. It was quite refreshing! Also, it seems they make their masala chai (tea) to order. Next time, I might get an unsweetened (gasp!) chai after the meal. The service was pretty slow. There was one gentleman and a couple that had been seated when I arrived. I think it took about 15-20 min to get my order. I probably wouldn't have noticed since I was watching Bollywood music videos on their TV. UNFORTUNATELY, there was an in-depth overview of psoriasis by Dr. K. Rao replete with graphic images and interviews with shirtless patients (NOT ACTORS). It was on during my entire meal, too, but the food was good enough that my appetite wasn't fazed. Who know, I might have given a five star review otherwise.  Another good indicator was that while I was there, two Indian families came in for dinner, and as I left, another family was coming in. In India, when you want to try a random eatery off the street, you should look for a place that families are patronizing. It seems the same rule of thumb works in the US!", "business_id": "mTR-fjHhEVFZycJlLalxTg", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-04-30", "type": "review"}