{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "jwW2bxNbCpZIcHuYL5JjYA", "review_id": "GKpqwOTSmbwJa8iyZySvgg", "text": "Finally, a churrascaria (Brazilian Steakhouse) in the Bay Area that just about matches the high standard set by Fodo de Chao. (For those of you who have never been to Fogo de Chao, it is the best churrascaria I've ever been to...so definitely check it out. But there are none in the Bay Area. The closest is LA.) Anyway.....our night at Pampas started at the bar, as we arrived a little earlier than our reservation. This is the only reason the place didn't get 5 stars - the bartender cannot make South American drinks. The Pisco Sour was utterly disappointing. Add to that, I think it cost around $12 or more. I forget. The forgetting part was because we brought 2 bottles of wine for dinner, so we were sufficiently toasted at the end of the meal. The dinner portion was scrumptious. The salad bar is extensive (Fogo is better) and everything looks appetizing. I think my favorite were the mushrooms - though they were a bit salty. The meats that came around on the giant skewers were amazing. The top sirloin (Picanha), the spicy chicken wings, the chorizo - all were great. I didn't like the Turkey - it had a gamey taste to it - which is a bit scary. The pork loin is one dish I look forward to at churrascarias, but it was too dry here. The one thing I have to say is that the dessert was phenomenal! Our waiter suggested the chocolate torte with caramel ice-cream and BACON flavored toffee. Yeah dude...at first glance it sounded disgusting. But the waiter said that if we didn't like it, he'd buy it. So who can pass that up...we WERE curious after all. All I can say is WOW. The bacon flavor was so subtle and didn't taste meaty...it just made the toffee taste smoky. And it worked with the cake and the caramel ice-cream. Who would have thunk it? This place is the best Brazilian steakhouse I've been to in the Bay Area (take that, Espetus). I used to be bummed that there was no Fogo de Chao in the Bay Area. But thanks to Pampas, I now have a place to go when I get the craving for a churrascaria experience.", "business_id": "VFslQjSgrw4Mu5_Q1xk1KQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2008-09-25", "type": "review"}