{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "cek_1lxcWUmOkVBtYMbQ-w", "review_id": "9sogq8ZKuom7TiP_Rwndew", "text": "Even with only one visit under my belt, I can say with confidence that Quality may become one of my permanent hangout spots in downtown Champaign.  The atmosphere is sophisticated and elegant without the heart-stopping prices of Boltini, Bacaro, or other downtown bars with similar ambiance.  The interior is all dark, expensive-looking wood, modern chic, and a bit of quirk.  In the late afternoon, there was quite a lot of natural light coming in, which made the place feel both clean and inspiring.  Just beautiful.  A friend said she'd feel comfortable studying or reading here in afternoons, and I agree. Since the place is newly-remodeled, it smelled very much like an Ikea, though that will likely pass with time.  The acoustics of the room also absorbed noise pretty well, so I didn't have to get in my friend's face and shout in order to have a conversation; I could see myself coming here for a drink on an intimate date.  Unfortunately, unlike most bars, there was not a lot of seating provided.  I imagine that if this place gets crowded, you will probably just have to stand.  Not quite sure why there was so much empty space... Maybe for dancing?  (Though I didn't pick up much of that vibe.) I can't complain about the beer selection.  There were a number of interesting options on tap, though loyalists of the Blind Pig might not be impressed.  A wine menu was also provided, with about 6-8 bottles available.  The drink that stands out best in my mind was their cider on tap, which was crisp, refreshing and would be a perfect complement for warm, sunny weather. Our bartender was warm, charming, and made sure we were cared for during our visit.  We had taken a booth seat, and fetching more drinks would involve crawling over each other to get out of a tight space.  Luckily, business was a bit slow, so the bartender came over to check on us, clean empty glasses, and refill drinks with regularity.  Very professional and helpful. Until people become familiar with the layout of the bar, there may also be some trouble in finding it.  Quality is listed as a location on Neil Street, but the actual entrance is on Chester Street.  In fact, one of the main windows of the bar faces Neil, and I could see curious pedestrians passing by, looking through the window and all over the building for some indication of what was going on.  An outdoor sidewalk sign or \"Entrance over there\" sign might really help to steer traffic in the right direction.", "business_id": "CSn2-XpArLLYeZ_k2BKzrg", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-05-07", "type": "review"}