{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "EBGLFxRqMS3Efz0srg9kHQ", "review_id": "EGVQNXdL3F-dWnFk5taUOA", "text": "The Short: * Semblances of authentic Vietnamese food. * Come for a bite if you're in a rush, or in dire need of Vietnamese food. Located in Lower Sproul Plaza on the UC Berkeley Campus, this eatery was recently renovated early in 2011. With a new, more modern looking venue, the place looks appetizing. Unfortunately, the food can't match its appearance. I have had their Vietnamese sandwiches, Combination Pho, and Vietnamese Iced Coffee and all three left much to be desired. Vietnamese Sandwich: It has the look and feel of your typical vWich with its toasty bread, parsley, jalapenos, and etc, but the meat really threw it off. I got the grilled pork, and the offbeat flavor left an unusual aftertaste. It was filling though. Vietnamese Iced Coffee: It was nice to see that they make it with those old school drips and condensed milk, as expected. While it has the robust flavor you would expect, the texture of the coffee was not as smooth as I had hoped. But props to them for actually having it. Combination Pho: It was interesting how they made it, but its understandable to have most of the items precooked and then dropped into hot broth to ensure that they are cooked. But this left the chicken overcooked and tough. There were some additions such as BBQ pork and wontons that gave it a more Chinese feel than your typical beef flank and rare steak that you'd find in a combination pho. Not exactly the best thing, but it was appetizing. The nicest part would be the broth, which was not drenched in oil or lacking flavor. Satisfying for sure though. Recommendations: * Combination Pho (be sure to avoid ordering the Chicken Pho) Pros: + Decent food on campus. + 20% discount for Berkeley students and faculty. + Clean venue. + Good variety of drinks and \"quick eats\" (pre-made Spring rolls, etc). + Takes credit card. Cons: - Not that authentic. You'd find better elsewhere.", "business_id": "a4IpACmsrzbVTYJcKgzRdA", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-03-14", "type": "review"}