{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 4, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "wHNHNzMghPsCSAkqR_OxPw", "review_id": "wQzl6ou6gewdSFTsD26Lug", "text": "An OK , but not great, place to grab a sandwich for lunch.  Not surprisingly, they do have really good bread.  Horrible destination for dinner. The lines are long and the sandwiches are pretty decent at lunch time, and it's certainly worth a try if you've never been here before. I've been in twice for dinner and was very disappointed both times.  The first time I was here, the place was dead and there were maybe 2 other tables seated.  The other time was for Valentine's Day (stupid, I know), and the place was packed and seriously overbooked since they apparently had given reservations to everyone who called and asked for them. Both times, the service was very slow and the staff was *extremely* rude, to include elbowing and pushing customers during the crowded V-Day fiasco, which I found inexcusable.  The quality of the food was poor, the servings small, and the prices high.  There were definitely some interesting looking recipes on the menu, but the quality of the ingredients was very substandard so nothing tasted very good at all.  Produce is not fresh and all the fruits and vegetables I had on both occasions were over or under ripe and clearly prepackaged.  The first time I was in there, about 3 different entrees were ordered before we picked something they weren't out of. I only went back the second time for V-Day because I wanted to try out the chocolate fondue.  In addition to being waaaaaaaay overbooked, they were understaffed and had a limited V-Day menu that was basically just 6 or so items from the regular menu with the already high prices about doubled.  Portions were so unbelievably small that even after spending $75+ on dinner, we had to go to LaBamba's afterward because my husband was still really hungry.  Seriously, he was served a piece of lamb that was roughly the size of a sliver dollar and probably could've been eaten in one bite with a little effort.  Total time in restaurant was in the 3 hour range due to the poor service and inability to seat in accordance with reservations.   The chocolate fondue was served in a beat up saucepan that had something crusted all over the outside of it.  Chocolate itself was actually pretty good, but the amount of stuff they gave us to dip in it was staggeringly small and the vast majority of it consisted of bananas and apples that were overripe to the point they couldn't be eaten. Although it was fondue for two, there was only one piece each of the more high quality dipping items (cookie, strawberry, etc.) I will certianly not be back for dinner and probably not for lunch either since there are a variety of other lunch places in town that are just as good or better that are easier to get to, Paradiso in particular.", "business_id": "Ah4i15g8Ow_zphzcpulTxQ", "stars": 2, "date": "2008-06-10", "type": "review"}