{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "W0OAy_fO53uuo82l3UCFAg", "review_id": "uuMiDlqRJBZI9NIzqmHSKA", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-09-22", "text": "I use to go here when I lived in Providence and commuted to Boston. I really enjoyed it and had fond memories of the food and the restaurant so I went recently for my birthday. \nI didn't remember the young crown being here then. It was a bit of a meat market and it was crowded. It was a Friday night though. Back when I came regularly I would come during lunch time. There are fewer people and the lunch prices are cheaper. I wasn't offended by the funky bright colors and the corrugated metal decor. It hasn't changed much since it opened. Car really didn't like the place and told me he'd never come back. That seriously bummed me. \nI had been worried because neither C nor K are stir fry fans but I discovered that they served hamburgers too and had been comforted. I think that the fact that they had to muscle their way through the crowd of people and wait in line to be served their food really annoyed them. I understand, I guess. I think they were expecting a regular restaurant but oh well. \nTheir are tons of choices here. There are all sorts of meats, cheeses, vegetables and starches to choose from. In fact F&I have more than they used to including more sauces to put on the food to cook extra plastic cups if you want some to carry to your table, extra condiments like fresh ginger, soy sauce, hot sauce and more. The only complaint I have is that they don't have a list of things that are guaranteed to be on the buffet counters. I mean they're going to have boneless skinless chicken and onions and carrots and certain sauces, right? Why not post at least the basics on their website? I\nC called for a reservation at 7:30. We made it but C had to park the car. The host asked us if we'd like to wait for him before sitting down. I decided we should wait, K hates making those decisions. Finally I asked the hostess if we could sit when it became a bit late. C came in as we ordered our drinks. I have to say that every employee we met there was polite and helpful. At least I found them to be that way. Our waitress was a little bit ditzy but since it's pretty much serve-yourself she didn't have a big job to do. \nWe went up en masse to the buffet counters. The guys darted to the meat and I to the vegetables. \nThe counters are arrange thusly: salad counter, then the soup counter, vegetable counter for the cooked items, then the meats and cheeses, next was the sauce counter, at the end the ice cream dessert counter. Be warned, people are pretty selfish and unaware when serving themselves. I'm not shy and I was that person that wasn't going to wait 5 minutes for you to dully look at decide what you were going to eat. Before I even approached the counters I reviewed what they had and made a quick plan that it would be an asian type dish with noodles. That narrows down the ingredients so I can quickly take what I need. I darted between people but not too obnoxiously, waiting politely for people who looked like they knew what they were doing and needed a bit of time to snag what they wanted. \nI could tell that the guys were annoyed when we waited at the grill. It made me nervous but I had approached that counter where you place your food bowl and sauce bowl later than they. Their meat was already on the grill. The grill masters direct you to where you should wait. They take 5 to 9 meals and place them in rows on the grill. They don't take your sauce until the meat is almost cooked. It can be uncomfortable waiting for your dinner like Oliver next to a total stranger. Usually I grin like a total idiot. It gives people pause and they won't look me in the eye. \nWe sat down and began to eat. I knew C was irritated. I told him that I had wanted to get a salad but I was so hungry that I was going to eat and forget about the salad. He'd wolfed down his burger which he said was okay, and asked me what I liked on my salad. I told him EVERYTHING barring tofu. I am so easy. So he got up despite my protestations and took his plate and made a humungous salad! What a sweetie! I asked K to help me eat it because it was that big. \nAs we ate I asked the guys what they thought and told them of my previous experiences here. They were not impressed. They said the food was alright but they wanted table service. They didn't want to get up and deal with the crowd of people.\nI think I should have told them what to expect and given them pointers before going. I think I should have chosen to go there another time when it wasn't so crowded. I also believe if I go there again with them I will go when we are not planning on going to see a movie so we can have time to sit and eat.\nI gave this place 4 stars because they were not happy but it wasn't the restaurant's fault. Their expectations had been different. I still like this place. And if you go visit their website. It won't help a lot but you may get few ideas to help you make your way around and plan for the visit.", "type": "review", "business_id": "YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ"}
