{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "Qor-RgHvz0Jv4ydcMKlsoA", "review_id": "TD2f3QPAN5TyIt_GhPt_fg", "stars": 5, "date": "2010-06-24", "text": "We had a private work event here last night, and everything from setting it up through the very last bite of food were impeccable.\n\nFirst off, the service there is amazing. The waiters are all very friendly and accommodating, remember what everyone is drinking, and not in your face. The host was the chef's wife and she was amazing as well. Definitely made us all feel very comfortable, and we never had to ask for her to do anything -- she was always one or two steps ahead!\n\nNext, the ambiance was perfect as well. It is a very intimate setting as previously described and was perfect for our gathering. The music is at the perfect volume, the room was an ideal size, and the tables were set up very nicely.\n\nThe reason to go to any restaurant is for the food, and this place did not let anyone down. All of it was fresh (apparently hand-picked from their farm in NH) and delicious. It was placed beautifully on the plate and paired perfectly with the side dishes it came with. Not one person had anything but praise to give us in choosing this restaurant, which is saying a lot in a very diverse group of 30 people. We had a few different hors d'oeuvre (scallop ceviche, wild mushroom risotto, white gazpacho, duck Gruyeres, and some watermelon with foam thing), a wild vegetable salad made to look like a garden, a couple different entrees (beef dish, halibut with gnocchi dish, and agnolotti), and a couple different desserts (3 homemade ice cream flavors, a lemon tart, and a chocolate and caramel tart). Every single dish that came out tasted amazing. Also, bottomless warm rolls were on our plates at all times. The wine pairings were perfect as well.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone. It'd probably be a great spot to do a rehearsal dinner or take someone on a date to.", "type": "review", "business_id": "VLIkcraglJc9XoumlTOQQg"}
