{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "jfIogCzbc9fR1yr6Hi2hMA", "review_id": "4gijIdbbSw95FIMOsi_eeA", "text": "A great place to go to cool off and have a yummy dessert! we love that they close at 11pm too They opened 08.08.08 and i've already been there 3 times! My husband and i love this place. I love that they use real fruit and not some powders or syrups that other boba places use. The boba they use is kept warm all day and it is the perfect consistency. They serve gelato, \"fruizen\" yogurt, crepes, banana splits that you can have served on a belgian waffle, and shaved ice. The owners are very nice and were asking us for suggestions or what they can do to improve. We couldn't even think of anything cuz we loved everything we ordered. The owner let us know that he was installing wireless internet which will be great to hang out with the laptop and drink some fresh fruit smoothie with boba! This place is the place to go for good boba and desserts. We will definitely be regular customers!!! We have had: lychee, pineapple, and mango fruit smoothie with frozen yogurt base with boba added. SO GOOD Strawberry and Kiwi smoothie with boba. So good I can't stress how much i love that they use fresh fruits Watermelon and strawberry smoothie it was sooo good and fresh they still had to cut the watermelon open. Crepe with nutella, banana, and strawberries. YUM Shaved Ice with Custard, Sweet Red Bean, and Pineapple, topped with Condensed milk! Perfect for a hot summer day! LOVED IT Mango and Strawberry smoothie with boba. YUM Green Tea \"fruizen yogurt\" YUM not too overwhelming of a green tea taste just a nice hint. Mixed Meat Sandwich Crepe. Had chicken, ham, and sausage inside with mixed lettuce, bell peppers, onions, and had a vinaigrette (a must), mayo, and no mustard. was a very good. the lettuce in the crepe made a good change in texture. Yes we have had a lot to eat...and we still havent tried everything yet! I definitely recommend this place for boba made right and fresh fruit smoothies!", "business_id": "8-vPFqN5jGmQ89KfoDDilA", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-08-14", "type": "review"}