{"votes": {"funny": 6, "useful": 3, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "PKaRDtzLIO7BznR4HmMGLw", "review_id": "05lp810QrHxKgiZOMhWsQg", "text": "Ten tips: 1. The pepperoni slice is the best thing here. Wait for a fresh pie if you see the dredges of an old one before you. If you don't have time, don't accept the small, shitty endpiece...walk a couple blocks down to Fat Slice and get a veggie, telling you it's better for your health. 2. Do something good for humanity and be fast with your order. It's a slice and maybe a soda, for god's sake. You have no excuse if you space out or are slow about that, and someone behind you (me) might just kick your ass. 3. If you won't be fast for someone else, do it for yourself - bring exact change so you can get to your pizza faster without fumbling around with a bunch of coins and shit. 4. Don't be afraid to point out exactly which piece you want. They are used to it, and this is something all real pizza lovers should do. 5. Unscrew the cheese shakers and go crazy; the holes in the top are always blocked up. Stay in control: it's all in the wrist. As Trevor B. below says, enjoy the show as the cheese takes care of the grease. If you're a dabber, GTFO. 6. For some reason, the pepper flakes here can be hotter than hell, and can ruin a slice if you aren't careful. So watch yourself. BTW, this is coming from a Korean so you know I'm not f'ing around. 7. Drink water. It's still free, and you'll feel a lot better. Plus, it keeps the palate clean for the pizza itself. 8. Score window seats, or enjoy being bumped in the back constantly by the traffic indoors. 9. The napkins are in weird dispensers on the walls. You'd think this is obvious, but it might not be. 10. If it's closing time and they say they can't serve you, it means they're going to throw the fresh leftovers away and let some bum get it while you stare the derelicts' ungrateful, stoned faces down with pure and futile jealous rage. So when the servers deny you and walk to the back to clean things up, hoist yourself onto the glass counter. Just do it. Their walking away is a tacit enablement of what you are about to do. They're going to throw it out anyway, so it's not technically stealing since it is now trash, valued at $0.00. And what's the worst they'd do if they saw you running out like a fat version of Prefontaine with an ankle injury? They're just trying to get out of there. GET IT, or your stummy will ache the morning after.", "business_id": "WqAtgHTxgS-B8J6iHc4eeA", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-01-26", "type": "review"}