{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "ESPbmhzQoHU3v0B6UGRirg", "review_id": "Ea2U-Q77RqrQhPX53XXkOA", "text": "First and foremost, dining dollars does NOT equal real money IMO; you can't compare one dining dollar to one real dollar... So, I can't really say much about the pricing due to the fact that I'm buying lunch for everyone and their mother to keep from being wasteful. However, I don't think I would ever pay real money to eat here. I've been here twice, and yelp's definition for the two star rating sums it up well: \"Meh. I've experienced better.\" Like most Filipinos, I'm a white rice fiend, so finding out that they only served brown made me a little sad. I wish they didn't put so many small chunks of ginger in it, I really didn't enjoy the crunchy texture with my soft rice. Both times the fish was cooked well, but the halibut was a little oily from the sauce they used. They give you a pretty good portion though. My friend didn't like the hoisin chicken - too much thick sauce, and some parts were dry while other parts were moist. He also thought that they pretty much took one of the chickens from the village market, cut it in half, and served it with rice and veggies. Rolls are a little small and mostly rice, but if you like garlic (as in, REALLY like garlic), go with The Strand Roll. Sooo much garlic! I agree with everyone else that says that dessert was probably the best part of the meal. My favorite dessert so far had to be the creme brulee, but I didn't really get any of the lemongrass or ginger flavor that was supposed to be there. The green tea and banana turon was pretty good. The chocolate sauce is legit sauce, not just hershey's syrup.  All I have to say is that if you're calling it turon, it better be turon. Where the heck is my jackfruit? Or the sticky brown sugar coating?? *sigh* Coconut panna cotta was meh. A little too light for me, but my friend liked the spicy fruit salad that came with it. The service is a little slow, but I figure that it's because of the kinks being worked out with the kitchen, etc. However, all of the servers I have had (Maddie & Lauren) were great. Backwaiters/waitresses were also very attentive. I dropped my fork once, and one of them came right away to offer me a new one.  Bottom line: Fancier looking dining hall food", "business_id": "t-hVd2gazf0rEnnD_NPsmg", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-05-18", "type": "review"}