{"votes": {"funny": 4, "useful": 6, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "EbbOIQ5oAamS9D_B_7cC7w", "review_id": "2MThRafMOTAiKEFe7n43jw", "text": "A friend was in town from Olympia, WA and we met up for lunch. I suggested JP because 1) it was different 2) they served beer and she needed one and 3) they have a lot of vegetarian foods. The service was excellent. Our server was named \"A\" and he was an absolute darling. Interestingly he had a tattoo of a giant Q but his name was A. I guess you wouldn't get a tattoo of your own name, so that may make sense. Perhaps Q was his mother, or father, or he liked the inventor in James Bond movies. The beer was interesting. I got to try a sample of the Bam. Our server described it as tasting like kombucha, which did not sound good. The sample tasted ok but was not my favorite. My friend said it tasted like baby asprin. I don't know what that tastes like but it's interesting if you can imagine. I tried the Amber Ale next and it was really good. In addition to beer there were some other cocktails, but they only have rum and vodka (I think) for the cocktails. There were some interesting ones. The food has a lot of interesting options including gluten free and vegan options. I got a grilled cheese that was on focaccia bread with a gooey white cheese and balsamic marinated yellow peppers. I thought the bread was too thick for a grilled cheese and the cheese was too gooey. I thought that the peppers didn't provide enough of a flavor and it needed something else. I also thought it smelled like feet. The portion was huge and it came with a lot of fries. I took half of it to go and it made my car smell like feet. The soup of the day was vegetarian french onion. I thought it was nice they served a vegetarian version of french onion soup since the traditional beef broth doesn't really add much to the soup and really should be vegetarian anyway. I feel for the vegetarians. I give the Jolly Pumpkin 3 stars for trying hard, great service, a cool location and being a microbrewery. I think the food was a little lacking and did not have an over all interesting flavor profile. I will definitely have to return to try something else and hopefully I'll upgrade my rating. Comparing similar places, I would suggest Grizzly Peak nearby for a local brew and good food. Jolly Pumpkin is definitely for the more adventurous.", "business_id": "ZJVhCAjBeRlzLhgRVVJD5Q", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-05-03", "type": "review"}