{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 4, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "CzrLQ_ktJf5avZO1_1Az0g", "review_id": "xU3bp7O6vlcYr7inL7dtkQ", "text": "The food here tasted \"lazy,\" service was slow and inattentive, and the place was dead. I went to try out the Thursday night 40 cent wings (I think from 5pm till gone). First, this place is hidden and you won't be able to see it from Loudon Rd. Like RF mentioned, once you get to Loudon, turn into Cobbee road and make an immediate right turn (if you can turn into the Raymour & Flanigan lot, you went too far). I still missed the turn even knowing this info so keep your eyes peeled. Apparently this place has been around for over 40 years, with several management changes. I expected a bigger crowd in this place because 40 cent wings sounds pretty cheap, but there was probably only 3 other groups in the dining section. Our server took quite a long time to take our order. She was quick to ask for our drinks, but kinda left us to hang out for a while. She was not very attentive and kinda gave preferential treatment to the regulars in here. She was the only server in the dining area so she definitely looked like she was working hard, so I always appreciate that. I ordered 10 of the Mouse trap wings (a soy sauce based, almost like Teriyaki- the American version) and 10 garlic parmesan. They only allow you to order wings in a group of 10, no splits. I thought you could at least do 5 and 5, but that was a no go (Ive ordered 4 wings of every flavor at Buff Wild Wings in one sitting, so thats a deal breaker for me). The Mouse trap wings were nothing special and not crispy enough for me. The garlic parmesan was not good. They used those garlic pieces from jars and thats just lazy. It was coated heavily with garlic like chocolate on a kids face from eating ice-cream, cute at first, but in the scheme of things, pretty gross. I also tried their garlic bread that came with an order of chicken parm. It had garlic powder- again, lazy. Im writing this a day after I went and I still taste the garlic when I burp. TMI? I guess Im not talking to any ladies today. This place gets a 2 and not a 1 because the company was great. We stayed there for more than a couple hours but never felt rushed to leave (mostly because it was dead. We were there from 7pm to close to 10pm and it seemed not many other people came in the dining area). But also because our server was generally nice and polite, just not the greatest server- at the end, she waited to clear our tables because I guess she didnt want to intrude, but Id rather have things cleared sooner. Would I go here again? If people pulled my leg, probably, but I wouldnt recommend it. Next stop, Rucks.", "business_id": "0pPsnqxBAj7UGjGRL-QJ1A", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-02-18", "type": "review"}