{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 1, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "gjK_nWuQuQgtXqR5SLUoVg", "review_id": "lQ8Yao4gl1YA6aauasOG_w", "text": "Although I almost dropped out of Cornell for failing a pre-requisite Physics course for Engineers, I am grateful I earned my B.A. in English from the College of Arts and Sciences. I conisder myself extremely lucky to have graduated from such a prestigious and well-respected university. Whenever you tell people you graduated from Cornell, they automatically think you are a genius or at the very least super smart. I was just one of those fortunate dudes from Southern California that was able to graduate from an Ivy League institution. At times I questioned my decision. The weather was brutal. Being from Chula Vista, CA the cold Ithaca winters wore me down. However, the education is second to none, and you are constantly being challenged to do your best and improve upon your previous academic successes. Being an alumnus opens doors for you- no doubt about it! What I hated: The weather- TOO COLD AND DREARY! Sometimes I didn't see the sunshine for 5 days straight. The lake effect blows! Being so far from California! The Greek System. My Harvard and Princeton-educated academic advisor- the guy was an arrogant jerk Cut-throat attitude of most New Yorkers in my classes What I love(d): Schoellkopf Field Willard Straight Hall Sage Chapel The whole campus- especially the Gorges The friends I made Friday nights Playing lightweight football Some of my professors Slope Day. Dragon Day. The faculty. Wines course- who doesn't love a buzz in the early afternoon. The memories and a bunch of other stuff. All in all, I am glad I went to Cornell; but I wish more than just one of my undergraduate buddies lived on the west coast . Living and working in the SF Bay Area it most likely would have been more advantageous had I graduated from Berkeley or Stanford, but I love my alma mater nonetheless! GO BIG RED forever!!!", "business_id": "Rl2_H4wcEuts7NC_HbDOpQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-05-13", "type": "review"}