{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 3, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "neyGZHGIpRw4oqC5BMHydw", "review_id": "Yyfk3aoHqZcqfhhhjfshkA", "text": "In June I dropped of my 5 yr old laptop because it was running really slow. Upon walking into the shop, I second guessed that decision: employees pretty much ignoring customers, papers and equipment stacked up haphazardly. Given the positive reviews, I gave the benefit of the doubt, thinking what the folks there may lack in organization, they make up in actual computer repair skills. The tech who took my computer said it would be a few days for them to run diagnostic and get back to me. Two weeks and no call, so I picked up the phone. The tech who answered asked me who worked on my laptop. Uh, shouldn't they know that? Then he asked what type of laptop I had. Again, shouldn't they know this stuff? I was put on hold. The tech got back on the phone and said \"We can't find your laptop. We think so and so has it, but he's not working today.\" WHAT? YOU CAN\"T FIND MY LAPTOP?? The tech on the phone seemed to not understand my concern but said he would call me back. A full day went by and no call. I called the next day and the tech said, \"Oh, yeah, so and so had it with him.\" At that point I was pretty frustrated. Not once had anyone at Mr. Notebook called me back when they said they would and on top of that, my computer was MIA for a time and no one really cared. A few more weeks of this sort of ill communication. Then I finally get a call my computer is fixed. Woohoo. The tech who worked on my computer, Skyler, gave me the low-down that a few programs were in conflict. I went home and fired it up only to discover the sound drivers were non-existent. I reluctantly took my computer back to Mr. Notebook the next day. The tech at the front desk, Dylan, took my info and called Skyler to the front. Skyler's response to Dylan telling him the sound drivers weren't working was \"whatever.\" He made no eye contact in my direction, shrugged his shoulders and walked away. That's exactly what customers want to see and hear. Dylan jumped in and said he'd look at my computer personally. He then started searching for my ticket from the previous day. He literally pulled what looked like a trash pile off the floor and was leafing through loose papers. After finding no paperwork on my computer he opened another ticket. One more customer service gold-medal moment. Over two weeks go by while I'm traveling and no call, no update. I'm disappointed but not surprised. The first day after I get back in town I head to Mr. Notebook asking for my computer. The tech goes to the back and I can see there's lots of scrambling and conversation. At least 10 minutes go by. The tech comes back out and informs me they are still trying to get the drivers loaded. What he said sounded exactly like the same thing I was told before my trip. He asks me to wait a few minutes and he goes to the back again. Finally, the manager on duty, Mark, gets involved. I recap the situation. Mark is empathetic but also chock full of excuses ... my ticket was lost existed .... Dylan who was last assigned to my computer was on an offsite ... these driver things generally mean a full restore and no one wants to do. Mark does commit to getting my laptop fixed that night and I head home. A few hours later and for the first time ever someone at Mr Notebook calls when they said. My laptop was finally fixed. Almost 3 months after I dropped it off. Two weeks after Mark called to check up. Really nice of him but too little too late. Never again will I go to Mr Notebook.", "business_id": "cw3T47rhd_s4Eo6K8MKIbA", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-09-05", "type": "review"}