{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "SfJeclu7RyGk9mx7kAt7VQ", "review_id": "c2xfKhcICbCiVFY1l6paRw", "text": "After a kitchen fire laid waste to All Asia, this prime location beneath Dolphin Seafood Restaurant lie empty for months until signs for Lamole suddenly appeared.  The name really didn't help suggest what sort of restaurant it was to be, neither was the photo of food on their website along with the encouraging text \"You Will Be Open Soon!\" Now open, it turns out that Lamole is yet another of those Italian-type places with a huge menu consisting of pizza, subs, calzones, pastas, and salads.  Unlike most of these kinds of places, with their bright orange booths and harsh lighting, Lamole has many nice tables and chairs and more modern, tasteful light fixtures.  A bit spartan, perhaps, but it's new, so that's to be expected. Perhaps also because it's new, it's empty, but that doesn't mean that people weren't in and out--Lamole seems to be more of a takeout place, so all that seating is a bit overwhelming.  Instead of ordering at the counter before sitting down, patrons are seated and waited on as in a traditional restaurant.  It will be interesting to see if this style is maintained. The staff are pleasant and learning, both fountain and bottled sodas are available (Pepsi products on the fountain), and major credit cards are accepted.  As for the food, my test for places like this has always been a steak and cheese with peppers and onions and Lamole delivered exactly that.  I did ask for extra cheese, and got American cheese, so the result was super melty singles seeping onto the paper plate the sub was wrapped in.  Not bad: pretty standard.  Next tests will be the pizza and, perhaps, a pasta dish. With last year's departure of Il Panino further down Mass Ave, there is certainly a need for decent Italian food in this area, so hopefully Lamole will deliver that need.  The space definitely lacks the atmosphere that Panino's open kitchen had where cooked-to-order tortellini alfredo was tossed about in pans before your eyes.  Sorry, nostalgic moment.", "business_id": "2ZX0Uhl3oCPxQjwGwvllpQ", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-04-05", "type": "review"}