{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 6, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "E9GIXD6rVF0oZublcl7jLQ", "review_id": "WKWjl8pXNe_21H9mmjnOgg", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-01-10", "text": "This service couldn't be any more convenient for me and is without a doubt the cheapest method of transportation from the Westside to LAX. No more taxis, Super Shuttles, Prime Time shuttles, or public transportation buses for me!\n\nThe Westwood stop is right outside of UCLA's parking Lot 32 which just happens to be the lot I park in for work. So whenever I need to fly out of LAX I simply drive the 4 miles to work from Santa Monica, park in Lot 32 using my yellow annual parking permit, pay $4 cash to the nice bus driver man (usually a man), hop on the bus and within 30 minutes I'm on my way! I've left my car parked there like that for over a week a few times and never found it to be a problem. This saves me tons of dinero on parking fees AND saves me the stress of having to fight traffic on the 405 while busting my butt to make it to the airport on time.\n\nTrue, you have to pay cash and you have to have exact change. Usually people getting on the bus don't have exactly $4 but the driver is able to make change for you from other riders' payments. \n\nAnother perk: Free Wi-Fi onboard! How cool is that?\n\nThe Flyaway shuttle is really a big bang for your buck (4 of 'em). I've heard that the price has recently increased to $5 each way but hey, that's still super inexpensive! Cheap, convenient, and excellent hours of service. The buses always leave right on schedule from Lot 32.\n\nMinus 1 star for making me wait almost an hour and a half outside of the terminal late one night when coming back from a God-awful flight cross-country and even more God-awful weekend business meeting. If the bus leaves Westwood on the half-hour every half hour why didn't a bus come get me for 3 times that long?! There should have been 3 buses in the time I ended up waiting. Luckily this was an isolated incident and of course I still use the Flyaway shuttle every time I need to travel to or from LAX.", "type": "review", "business_id": "t6qBeLsoKOUmUwJCTFyjuQ"}
