{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "-vMpigklqnii-tzB-7LtbQ", "review_id": "PyiGqsxAji7NtMhLKrAJLA", "text": "I'm a student at the University and a resident of University View(which neighbors Looney's). They opened for the first time on Friday, to compete with the other main student bars, Cornerstone, Bentley's, and Barking Dog. Overall, I would say yes, Looney's pub is better than all of them. It will certainly be my choice(bit biased due to my walking distance to Looney's) for the coming years. First up, Decor and Layout: This is a large bar, completely decked with flat screen TVs in most of the wall space. The bar area itself is one of the longest I've seen and wraps around the side, think it might hold about 25-30 people(rough guess). Free space on the walls is taken up by lighted signs and posters/displays for various beers and UMD. The chairs are standard bar chairs that are quite comfortable, and there is a step for your feet in the event that you are not 7 feet tall. One problem I did have though, is with the glass windows. I came in during the late afternoon as the sun was going down, and sat at the bar. There's mirrors on the wall of the bar which ended up reflecting the sunlight directly into my eyes for about 5-10 minutes. It didn't look like the place has blinds of any kind and I didn't feel nitpicky enough to ask, so oh well. Alcohol: A very wide selection of draft beers, bout a dozen. Certainly more than any of the other local bars, The standard large spirits selection, as well as various wine and bottled beer. Food: Standard bar fare quality. Good, wide menu so there's something for everyone. I had chicken tenders and then a burger. Chicken tenders were decent, but a bit generic in the recipe(to nitpick). Their honey mustard sauce is a bit more towards the mustard side than honey, which gave it a little mustardy zing. The burger I had was good and juicy, the fries were nice and crunchy. Cleanliness: Again, this is 4 days after their opening. Place was spotless, From time to time, even during the day-shift, someone would go through the bar and wipe unused spaces. Update, 8 months later(5/27/2012): I still go to Looney's a few times a week, and have done so since it opened. Great place, friendly bartenders/staff, great food, etc. I usually get varying burgers, chicken sandwiches, or a cheesesteak, always good food, always quick service.", "business_id": "Wu7wEakuGfBWsrNmFZ1KdA", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-10-04", "type": "review"}