{"votes": {"funny": 11, "useful": 12, "cool": 5}, "user_id": "uO6th8EuZPQipjNIluS1pQ", "review_id": "hseYKpHi6EygOQLZ-jG8Jg", "text": "After living in this city for the past 7 years, I am pretty much clubbed out. There's so much more to our divine city. It's still kinda sad, but ya know, the heyday of Visions, The Mark, 112, Leopard Lounge, DragonFly, original Compound layout, the Buckhead strip (may they all RIP) had a sista out every weekend for years and they were well worth it!! *Wipes tear and continues with review...* Reign is the newest venture of AG Ent. and I can say, it's very Atlanta. The inside is very pretty and puts you in the mindset of Velvet Room (285 version) fit into the old Velvet Room (midtown) space. So think long dance floor surrounded by VIP areas, and stage at the end. I RSVP'd for a live performance of Estelle a couple weeks back and as I expected with \"doors open at 8, performance at 9\", it's not gonna start on time. I won't really go into the whole let's hold the line to create a buzz semantics since this is a review of the space itself, but it just has to be said: WE DON'T LIKE STANDING IN LINE TO ENTER AN EMPTY CLUB! *steps off soapbox* Again, back to this beautiful space. I would definitely look into doing a VIP area for our yearly girls weekend out, or when I'm planning a group event as the upstairs VIP area is HAWT!! For future performances, which I believe this was their first, Reign needs to work on the mic situation. We stood in the center of the dance floor, not really that far from the stage and could barely hear Bill Bellamy when introducing Estelle, and it was hard to hear Estelle's great live voice over the music. Also, I hear they promote those machines that blow out the cold smokey mist, sue me...I do not know what the heck they are called...but those need tweaking as well b/c you will get wet up from the constant drip after they are released a couple of times.  Overall a decent experience, my feet were hurting too badly to try out the lounge next door but it looks just as plush. May Reign live long and reign in this brutal here today gone tomorrow ATL nightlife scene...", "business_id": "151o0p7KrgXgyXJhJZRf5Q", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-08-08", "type": "review"}