{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 3, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "Qx5bz4luino7htScnjwsMA", "review_id": "lrsB6GJ8EuAwDQ7Nqpjxcw", "text": "WOULD INDIANA JONES DINE HERE ? If you're dying to experience a third world hole-in-the- wall restaurant with two westernized naan ovens... you've found the perfect place except for the missing dirt floor. The only Mex- fusion about this place are the words \"nachos, quesadilla, burrito & salsa\" that appears on their menu. Burrito means fold into a roll and quesadilla means fold over once into a sandwich.. Their nachos are masala (Indian meaning spices) corn chips. And \"desi\" salsa meaning from one's own country. Like.. \"Yo that guy must be desi, he's brown and he's speaking Punjabi!\" Well... enough teasing about this place and what it pretends not to be. We had ordered both their chicken and steak \"fresh naan\" burritos. The naan is then made upon verbal command and then after being thrown onto the stainless steel counter top to cool for a minute or two before our ultra friendly desi guy asks \"what is it do you want on it?\". I say: \"how about the works\". By the time everything is added, I'm looking at a very pregnant naan that gets squeezed into \"burrito\" shape with aluminum foil sheets. As someone else has described it, the burrito is about the size of two soda cans and just as heavy. As for taste & quality... surprisingly it wasn't bad considering that I took a chance by allowing them to add their two magic sauces. My wife didn't want to chance it and passed on the sauces. I ate the other half of her chicken burrito later that evening and it was very good considering it was cold and without the sauces. Let's face it... the place is a college town dive. Their naan burrito wrap is is perfectly suited for this market. Lots of bulk and flavors. It's an alternative to pizza, sandwich, gyros and Chinese all found on the same block. While some would find this place to be a perfect study hall with free refills for sodas and teas, it's for certain that it's not my first preference to use as a dining facility. I'll be crazy generous and give Krazi Kebob a three star. As for a dining facility... it truly is a perfect one star college town dive.", "business_id": "UzygjQQQpbp2OxjCVxjP0A", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-10-18", "type": "review"}