{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 6, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "c5cliVazw532ND6Fp0V4Vw", "review_id": "Jvhknj7GXjjNTe-4iQLqWg", "text": "I went to Bull BBQ for the first night of their soft opening. I'm not going to go into too much detail because they've literally JUST opened up their doors and it wouldn't be fair to judge them too harshly or lightly in lieu of actually getting the chance to get their footing down and steady. For my fellow Yelpers, I will keep it nice and concise -- so you can all go and judge for yourself. The Korean food here is excellent. I was eating with a Korean friend who said there's a homemade quality to how everything tastes and is presented at Bull. This is no surprise, as there's a Korean woman in the kitchen doing the cooking (take a peek into the kitchen while waiting by the bathrooms)! We ordered A LOT of food, so I'd say we got a good feel for the menu. Definitely use the grills at your table and order some BBQ items. It's DIY cooking, and the a la carte orders come out in smaller portions, which I really liked, as opposed to other Korean BBQ restaurants like Koreana, where I normally feel rushed. The Gaeran Jim (steamed egg), Manduguk (dumpling soup -- favorite of the night!), and Sundubu (soft tofu stew) are great dishes to get to round out your meal. They also offer BonChon, which I'm sure will be popular with students in the Harvard Sq. area (although my group didn't order any -- so no comment there). They will also be serving alcohol in the future. Service needs work, but obviously that's what a soft opening is for. Regardless of some of the hiccups that were made throughout the night, the servers/management were all incredibly courteous and helpful. I could tell they were hustlin' their butts off, so if you're planning on stopping by in the next few weeks, cut the servers some slack. Another interesting thing to note about Bull is the space they occupy. It's a little odd that they're underground in the Galleria basement... but it seems like they're trying to do the best with what they have. It's a little bare, but I'm pretty sure they're still in the process of getting everything in place. I will be back!", "business_id": "7CAMlSH-UGjb5N75vN_Iww", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-05-24", "type": "review"}