{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 3, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "K-598MOUgiFMNkCPiOn3yA", "review_id": "ZDXrmcbNvJd1e11qxb0WvQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-11-30", "text": "My trip to Michigan was almost worth it just for the Zingerman's lunch we had today. We just about risked our lives in winter weather/holiday traffic on I-94 to make the stop, but we knew we would regret skipping it. There are about a million different sandwich options, but I knew I could only pick one. Happily, after I gazed at the menu in wonderment for several minutes, one of the friendly employees said I looked like I needed a recommendation. I told him I wanted a turkey sandwich, and he pointed me to Tarb's Tenacious Tenure (turkey breast, fresh avocado spread, Wisconsin muenster, tomato, and Russian dressing), insisting it was one of the top 5 sandwiches on the menu. Hoping he wouldn't steer me wrong, I paid $12.50 for the \"small\" version and impatiently dipped sample bread in a variety of olive oils until my sandwich was ready. My friends ordered the Architect's Four Club (Amish chicken breast, Wisconsin muenster, applewood-smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo on sweet wheat bread) and Charlie M's Tuna (homemade tuna salad with Vermont cheddar on grilled rye bread). Both friends later admitted to having sandwich envy when Tarb's Tenacious Tenure was placed in front of me, and I can't blame them. On a 5-point scale, they rated their sandwiches 3 1/2 (\"club needed more mayo\") and 4 (\"tuna salad was great, but sandwich overall needed something else - maybe a tomato\"), and I would give mine a big, fat 5. Hard to go wrong with turkey and avocado if you ask me, but Zingerman's really took it to that next level (hello, Russian dressing!). \n\nI couldn't help but look around at all the goodies the entire time we sat and ate, which led to me also buying Mexican and Ecuadorian chocolate (to make hot chocolate, YUM) as a gift for a family member. One of my friends even went back for a 2nd sandwich to go (no word yet on that one), as well as to buy chocolate sourdough bread and a cherry spread. The employees were all hippie stoner-types and were so nice that I bet they would have given us the shirts off their backs if we had asked. Can't help but wonder about the Zingerman's 'Magic' Brownies...\n\nWe spent a pretty penny, but were happy to do so, and Zingerman's may have earned itself a spot on my list of Michigan regulars in the future.", "type": "review", "business_id": "fQ8c9S6jitKS5RT6S-ziGA"}
