{"votes": {"funny": 15, "useful": 7, "cool": 8}, "user_id": "d3hJX_LRO5bIgeRN_wgwEw", "review_id": "p2UiKAWEX_8e8s_wJYz83g", "text": "Let me start this review by stating that I cannot dance. But I still do it. In fact, I enjoy looking silly by [ar]rhythmically undulating my limbs to and fro. Until visiting Havana Club, said dancing was at places that play Ke$ha, LMFAO, ODB (RIP), and so forth. Don't hate. So, salsa. Personally, I enjoy a good medium heat mango/peach black bean salsa, but I'll certainly settle for one that is chipotle based. ZING. Havana Club hosts the dance variety of salsa. Walking in, we were greeted by the friendliest doorman in the business and after walking up a few flights of stairs we paid the $12 cover to get in. On my left is a table with assorted bite-sized candies. Party time. We arrived promptly at 9 PM since their website indicated that n00b lessons begin then. The lesson eventually started at 9:20, which was fortunate because I was able to have a drink to loosen up. That's how adults stretch. After learning some solo steps that even I could perform without face-planting, we partnered up and got all dancypants in our fancypants. One quantity of lulz later, and we were spinning mostly on axis and getting all caliente in each others' respective grilles. Then 10:20 rolls by. The lessons end and I looked around and suddenly the room is at max capacity. I've never been in a dance joint with such an eclectic group of people. An entire spectrum of age, race, and gender was represented and all participants were happy to be there with one another. I was happy to be there with them. HUGS FOR EVERYONE. After trying our newly acquired skillz within the primordial salsa soup, refreshments were in order and it was then that I was able to really appreciate how talented some of the patrons were. Wow. One drink, numerous handfuls of Cheetos (two different kinds!!!!1!) and undisclosable quantities of ganders later, we head back to the dance-floor. Regardless of talent level, no one was judging and everyone was there for a fun night. After twirling more times than spinner rims on a 1991 Honda Civic, my first salsa attempt concluded. Great success.", "business_id": "IrZ6Vux2YiF4rs5Y07RPAw", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-05-19", "type": "review"}