{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "lejRs-O3H3zlM-ZqKZIBJA", "review_id": "Gy3ApGkwTQMcEHy8XzLijQ", "text": "Outside of my Vegas buffet visits, this is the best buffet I have ever been to. 1) The service is awesome. Our server was super nice and friendly and always asking if there was anything we needed. Is there a specific meat you want brought out? Does everything taste ok? I think her name is Ashley so if you get her you'll be well taken care of. Thanks Ashley! Others came by and changed out our dirty plates. Water was constantly flowing. 2) The side bar was awesome! I love the fact you are asked to use a new plate each time visiting the bar (sanitation and hygenic factors for me). Everything was presented in a visually appealing manner to the eye and did not look like a hoard of hogs had ravaged anything. Super clean and organized and not a morsel of food on the floor to be found. I do advise taking small one to two bite portions of whatever you like and save room for the meat! I didn't get to try everything in the side bar, but most of what I had was pretty awesome and fresh tasting. Nothing was over oily...just a clean and fresh taste in my mouth. The mushrooms were killer as was the fresh mozzarella (soft and silky melting in my mouth). The pilaf and mashed taters went well with the meats. The veggies zucchini were all grilled to perfections (not mushy with just a firmness to them). 3) The MEAT! The meats were all grilled to perfection (in my case, medium rare), except for the pork loin (too lean and too dry but well seasoned). My favorite was the leg of lamb and skirt steak. The lamb loin was a bit gamey, but was not so noticeable once dipped with the chipotle or balsamic dressing. Turkey wrapped in bacon was pretty impressive. I thought it would be dry, but the turkey was moist and flavorful..how turkey should always be!!! Although the meats were grilled perfectly, some lacked flavor for me. However, using the dipping sauces cured that. All the meats did not taste heavy and oily, perfect! Be sue to use the green and red signs they give you. In the beginning, we kept it on green and the meat literally kept coming to our table. I found myself constantly interrupted by the awesome service and had to flip it to red so I could enjoy what was already on my plate. Be sure to come hungry but PACE yourself. 4) The dessert we chose was awesome! The chocolate torte was elegant, surprising, and delicious. The dish was presented on the plate in a dramatic and elegant manner with the cake and gelato ice cream on one end with a streak of creme fraiche across the plate leading to two pieces of bacon brittle. I know! There's even bacon in the dessert! Surprisingly the bacon brittle was smokey and crunchy and awesome! We were eating the brittle on its own, but then we combined it with the cake and gelato and had one awesome dessert. Enjoy! 5) The decor and ambiance was classy and fitting. By the time we left there were lots of people in the bar area enjoying the libations and live band. The decor is modern with dark wood, white linens, and black floors...simple, casual, yet evoked a feel of fine dining. We were two very happy people that had to waddle ourselves back to the car parked blocks away and pop the button on our pants. We then went into a deep sleep for a very long time! Happy campers we are!!", "business_id": "VFslQjSgrw4Mu5_Q1xk1KQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-02-19", "type": "review"}