{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw", "review_id": "giwBAwjgYZX6rO0eakzvwg", "text": "Three and a half stars with the potential for 4. We're definitely coming back. EDIT: We went back. Two items of note: If they seat you at the front tables with no backs to the seats, there is no where to put your coat. It was raining, and people had their coats on their laps or thrown under the table. A coat tree would be great. Pay attention to the names of the dishes. I ordered the Angry pig wrap, thinking I could pick out the jalepeno, because I don't do peppers. Well, an entire pepper's worth of julienned jalepeno was on each half of the wrap. I picked it all out and still got heartburn from the residual oil. So when they say angry, they mean angry. Original review: Today was their second day open. At first they tried to seat our party of three at stools along the window, when there were lots of open tables, but they were happy to seat us at a table when we asked. The menu is nice: fresh salads, some pizzas, heartier sides and dinner options, most under $12. They make their own sodas with agave nectar instead of cane sugar ($3). We tried the lemon lime and it was pleasant, but I didn't notice the taste difference between agave and sugar. Tasted more like an Italian Soda than a Sprite. We started with fries for the table. They came in a small cone with spicy dipping sauce and would have been good if they were not limp and greasy. We told the waiter and they whisked them away, asked us if we wanted more, and took the fries off our bill, plus an apology from the kitchen. They were still working out the temperature controls on the fry-o-lator. No worries, we understood and they were very nice, good service. Two of my party ordered salads. The Modern Salad had beets, goat cheese, and a nice dressing over greens (watercress maybe and mint). Very nice. The other salad had generous helpings of braised pork shoulder over greens and was quite yummy. I ordered two sides: the carrot slaw salad with almonds and currants, and the vegan mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were more of a puree, with fresh herbs, and were very nice but not too flavorful. I asked for a small side of butter, which they were happy to provide (I know, totally making them non-vegan). The carrot slaw had a vinegar-based dressing that was a bit strong and would pair nicely I think with the pork, and was a nice counterbalance to my potatoes, but shouldn't be ordered as a small dish on its own due to the vinegary taste being a bit strong. Keep it as a side. The waitstaff is still learning their roles and were very solicitous and friendly. And oddly for a place that showcases fresh veggies, a lot of big, beefy waiters. We were well taken care of. The restaurant space is finished with lots of recycled and natural materials, like hay in the walls, reclaimed timber, etc, which creates a warm, eco-friendly atmosphere. All in all, a lovely place for lunch or dinner. I will definitely come back in the hopes I can bump them up to a 4 star status.", "business_id": "Nzn4B6Y-Rj2QOhSe7UTMzw", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-01-21", "type": "review"}