{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "0Sw9sDJy9beVwPX6EfOKeg", "review_id": "41U746PDr8MFzoAS2dSy2A", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-08-13", "text": "After hearing about The Judge's Inn for some time now, I decided to try it for lunch.\n\nFirst off, the restaurant is beautiful, there is a nice little stage for live music, a game room with a pool table and darts, not to mention to beautiful ceiling- just look at it to glimpse Troy's golden days.  \n\nThis place takes the legal theme and runs with it.  When handing you your subpoena-like menu, the waiter says \"you have been served.\"  Furthermore, all of the items are either named for legal cases, laws, or famous judges or lawyers.  \n\nFor the food, the menu is extensive and there are many unique choices.  Not every pub fries their potato chips to order, makes their own pastrami, or uses chipotle aioli.  I tried the Em O, the fried pickles, and they were delicious- served with a very hot, but cool, chipotle aioli.  I ordered the Oliver Wendell Holmes, a sandwich of 2 crab cakes, garlic aioli, canadian bacon, and the fixings- it was delicious, though my one complaint was the cakes were a tad salty- nothing too bad, though.  My brother got a monster of a burger- cheese, canadian bacon, all on rye bread- it too was very good but a little too brown to truly be medium, still it was very juicy.  My dad ordered the pastrami sandwich with red cabbage slaw- it was delicious.  Although, it got even better with a side of grainy brown mustard, something I think they should include on the plate without having to ask for.  \n\nOverall this was delicious pub food at a reasonable price.  The atmosphere was great and I just dig this place's style.  I know it's picky but I would like a little better presentation for the dishes- there's nothing wrong with the simple presentation I received, but if the presentation matched the taste, this place would be perfect.", "type": "review", "business_id": "KBC-CCXC5oFJLaDfPlXNUA"}
