{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "Q-rcjUuCurPsFxe5OcHVmw", "review_id": "AJyllqQtz--b5lVHx2AZZg", "text": "OPT is like a Tale of Two Businesses: The actual Physical Therapists, and the Rest of Them.  Every year or so I find that I've done something stupid and am now in need of PT to put it all back together.  Don't get me wrong; I come back here every time, and ensuring I get the same therapist.  Although it's across the street and spread out within the paid lot, OPT does offer Free Parking.  Once inside, the front desk staff is great; always nice, professional, and helpful.  Scheduling has always been easy (although usually full so it takes longer to get that initial appointment than I like), and I have never had to wait past my appointment's start time to see my therapist.  The therapist I see has been there for years, and I have never had even an iffy session: always professional, friendly, personalized, and I end the session feeling better.   But once you're done with the therapist, you typically get taken back to the \"gym\" and are handed over to one of the numerous college students that are there, queued up to take the next patient walked back (don't expect the same one visit to visit).  The facility itself looks a bit dated and could use a good makeover, but seems to meet the needs of patients.  Put more than 3 patients back there however, and things get crowded fast.  The kids are nice enough, but I have yet to meet one that wasn't putting themselves thru school on their way to some other career - and that flash training for their responsibilities here somewhat shows.   Sometimes I think a reminder to them that they are in a professional environment and patients may not wish to know all about their Friday night would be in order.   I'll still be back next time I need PT, but I expect I'll again wish I could take the post therapist session exercises \"to-go\".", "business_id": "9pSwJ1k5Iyu9se4KYnsdGg", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-12-29", "type": "review"}