{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 11, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "YrugcPqjHGVkrSXpozDowg", "review_id": "5CwyNViL4tBTxykNaty-HA", "text": "The Aveda Institute is basically one of my favorite places in the world.  I get my hair cut here every six weeks or so, partial highlights about every three months, and the occasional facial and body treatment.  Emmy, who graduates in just a few weeks (good for her, but sad for the rest of us!), has cut my hair the last three or four times.  I specifically request her when I call ahead to make my appointment.  If you don't know someone there and are concerned about spending three hours getting a haircut from a beginner, then just request an advanced student when you call ahead.  Easy peasy.  But do remember that beginners need love, too, and, even if they are a \"beginner\" whatever they do will still be one thousand times better than what you could ever do to yourself, so just keep that in mind. The Aveda Institute is essentially a ginormous room the size of a warehouse.  It's very clean and austere inside, but is often packed to the brim with people.  Saturday mornings are crazy-busy on the hair salon side and it gets really loud there.  I'd recommend going during the week if you can get away from work.   Upon arrival, walk to the desk past the merchandise room and just before the salon.  Give the receptionist your name, read and sign the acknowledgment that students will be working on you, then go sit on the benches in the merchandise area to wait.  You'll generally be greeted with water or hot tea upon arrival or with a complimentary chair massage (heaven on earth), and then your student will come find you and lead you to his or her station. Expect to spend a lot more time in the chair if you have a beginner student working on your hair.  Park in the Chapel Hill city lot across the street (the small street, not Franklin) and go ahead and pay for two hours for a haircut, three hours for a body treatment, and four hours if you're getting a cut and highlights.  Odds are it won't take that long, but if the place is packed, you don't want to chance it.  Parking is only $1 an hour and the parking enforcers---always on the prowl, I tell you!---will not hesitate to fine you $15.  Not worth it.  Besides, if you pay for too much time, you can always grab coffee, lunch, or go shopping at any of the awesome locations nearby. When you get your hair washed ask for the mini facial (your student stylist will generally offer, but sometimes they forget), because it's awesome.  And complimentary! Getting a facial or body treatment there is a very relaxing experience; you can't hear the noise from the salon room back there.  I have been several times and have not noticed much difference between Aveda's treatments and those for which I've paid at least twice as much at upscale day spas. I would also highly recommend adding \"Aveda Chapel Hill\" as a friend on facebook.  They send out discount coupons and other offers and announcements on an almost daily basis.  Their discounts are generally ~25% off your service.  You can't beat that deal.  They also extend a 20% discount for any service, any day, to employees of the following schools & businesses: UNC, NC State, Duke, Meredith College, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Chapel Hill / Carrboro Chamber of Commerce Employees (and members), Quintiles Employees, Wake County School System, Orange County School System, Duke County School System.  Employees must show their staff ID or business card at checkout to receive the discount. The students cannot accept tips, so do not even offer.  Instead, fill out a comment card at the check-out counter and shower them with compliments that they can show their instructors and put in their portfolio.  Also, leave a little extra for their Tip for a Cause program if you can.  The program supports several worthwhile projects.  The students are told to show you what they used on you during your service before they walk you to the check-out counter, so buy it if you love it!  They often have sales and chair massages and all other manner of cool things going on in their merchandise area. In short, this place is a real gem.  Don't miss it.", "business_id": "fp1oJ3U3hJnQ5x_fgMwyDA", "stars": 5, "date": "2010-01-28", "type": "review"}