{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "RkdqHewBnIOuJUSK_6GRkg", "review_id": "vvgrQwPKHQaopLyPrzjrBQ", "text": "I've been a long-time customer of CPK. I had my prom dinner here when I was a teen, it's been a great place for hangouts, family dinners, and even birthday parties. But lately, CPK has been disappointing my family with their to-go service, which we are usually a huge customer of. My mother experienced a \"wrong order\" incident at the Fashion Valley location aka they gave her pastas instead of the pizzas she asked for. My mother wanted a tomato basil pizza and was told later that \"No, we don't have tomato basil pizza so I assumed you meant the pasta. BUT, we do have a margherita pizza.\" The server even went as far as to blame my mother for not specifically saying \"margherita pizza.\" So, instead of clarifying the order like this server should have, she assumed what my mother wanted instead? And then telling her that they had a margherita pizza and not the tomato basil, which, by the way, has practically the exact same ingredients? My mom was appalled. So my mother, deciding to give CPK another go (bless her heart), went to their location on Nobel Drive instead, thinking that she would avoid the same trouble she had at their Fashion Valley location. Unfortunately, another \"wrong order\" incident happened again at the to-go station. My mother repeatedly said \"no sausage\" on one of the pizza orders and when she went home, she was incredibly disappointed to discover that there were sausages on the pizza. She said to me, \"I just don't understand. After repeatedly telling them exactly what I wanted, how could this have happened?!\" It's been incredibly disappointing and sadly, my mother no longer wants to come to this establishment due to their repeated inability to get the right order. I don't necessarily blame the individual who took the order, but I have an issue with management. They need to provide proper training about doing a \"read back\" on their orders to confirm that they're putting in the right orders for their customer. It is a simple check that can avoid customer service disasters. It's a common thing they do in hospitals (and at other establishments) that help to avoid critical medical errors. If you simply \"assume\" what a doctor's order meant without clarifying or didn't look over something twice because you simply decided it was just too much effort, you could do irreparable damage. Doing a read-back is a simple fix. If management reads this, please bring this up at your next meeting or institute this simple training when teaching your servers valuable customer service. My mother, a restaurant owner herself, understands mistakes that servers make and she is absolutely forgiving. But the sheer lack of respect for customer service has left her and the rest of our family, reeling. That being said, if that doesn't change up, I would not use their to-go service. And if you do, clarify the order yourself. Otherwise, you just might end up with pasta instead of the pizza you asked for.", "business_id": "Mg1CS5aRT_eV4qaGpEvnIQ", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-02-26", "type": "review"}