{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "dKDo6PKTKhFW3WqKHidQsw", "review_id": "rv4DQOMHSpWP-Io9DHAz0w", "text": "Ah... I'm in a mental prison about what sort of rating to give Pyara. I swore by it for a year or so (a number of friends still do), but my experience with them was somewhat tainted by a customer-service issue I had about a year and a half ago. For starters, it is a really nice place overall: the staff are talented and generally very friendly and it is in a nice location (who doesn't love Harvard Square?). The awesome tea (Aveda's own blend) they serve in thimble-sized cups is a perk worth mentioning as well - but why can't they make the cups bigger? I always feel weird asking for anything past my third cup, but I suppose that's another issue. Another perk is Nikki Ruby, one of the senior stylists at Pyara. Though her countless promotions have actually priced her out of my range, they are well deserved - she is great and really knows what she is doing. I should say that on top of her skills as a colorist and stylist, Nikki is a genuinely nice person, and always remembers the little details about people. Like all Aveda salons, Pyara carries the entire line of products that smell SO good, and I have always left with my hair smelling delish. I've gotten some waxing done there too - it's on the expensive side, but very thorough. But, but, but... I am still holding a grudge because of a scheduling issue I had with Pyara a while back. They have a very aggressive tardiness policy (10 minutes late and your appointment gets axed), which is certainly their prerogative. However, one day I had highlights and a cut scheduled, and given that the salon is a good 45 minutes to an hour from Boston College on public transportation, I called ahead to say that I was running about 15 minutes late and asked if my appointment could be shifted, held, or whatever to make it worth the trip. The person I spoke with assured me that it could, and so I arrived the aforesaid 15 minutes late only to be told that they had, in fact, cancelled my appointment. It was of no concern to them that the receptionist had been \"misinformed,\" or that I was a returning customer who had travelled nearly an hour. So... mostly my own fault I guess, but I left with no awesome highlights from Nikki and with resentment that I am obviously still harboring.", "business_id": "kKheinNcdRiRcmVWaMbFqQ", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-03-25", "type": "review"}