{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 5, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "g8Rq8G4FMZEYvE5wnJFcaQ", "review_id": "xYS7v2On_E5N4Vrrc_YFqA", "text": "OMG what a ripoff!!!!!!!!! Sorry to break it to you but just because a dish seems remote from the culinary lens of America, doesn't mean its okay to overcharge 1000%. Dosa by nature is like a crepe, two of these would make it on your plate in a blink of an eye and alongside some gravy/savory dish items that hardly are worth their while. My South Indian tongue is not initiated to the world of mama's home cooking, I was raised on Italian. Gonna be honest about that. I was still raised around Indian (and Chinese, and Malay) food to know ripoff when I see/smell/taste it. I had this for the first (probably last time) on a rainy evening with a friend of mine. Both of us were hungry and wanting some hot and wholesome to fill us up.  The daal and kozhumbu (yello lentil soupy thing) were weak, and used frozen vegetables that detract from the essence of the dish. They were tremendously over-priced. I concede that one has to pay a premium for uncommon cuisines, especially considering South Indian food has not broken into Boston the way that North Indian fare has. In any case, the pricing was unconscionable given the simplicity, low cost of ingredients and serving ware afforded by a quasi grocery store that simply lacks the ambience to command the pricing of a Central Square restaurant - however modest that might be. Dishes pay only the mildest attention to the quality and care required in spicing their most basic of food items. Street fare does not skimp on flavor, and this place is shortchanging locals of a genuine South Indian experience. Not to be inflammatory but its a common fact that South Indian food is the bomb and we are all missing out because Dosa Factory is not living up to its name.  I was particularly excited to sample the Keralan fish curry on the menu. Kerala is a Southern state well known for its excellent seafood dishes because it is right on the coast. Tamarind and tomato are prominently featured in their dishes, and adds a tangy flair to give more body to a spicy fish curry. This was hardly the case.  How is it that a place that also doubles up as an 'ethnic' grocery store does not avail itself of the ingredients necessary to pull together a legit authentic meal?  I would love to see this place take it up a notch so I can preach its glory to the whole town. I really would.", "business_id": "Or1equYHL3Kr71L-D-QjoA", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-07-25", "type": "review"}