{"votes": {"funny": 4, "useful": 4, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "eEFHo_VFdkYOYFQAC1UapQ", "review_id": "yvUM2LositcFzXDKzLuHyQ", "text": "I've had some good experiences at Trudy's in the past and the breakfast food was especially good.  I still agree with many of the statements in my original review, but I do have to take off a star after last Friday's experience.   A friend and I decided to hit up their happy hour.  All of the patio tables were taken, so we decided to go inside and grab a booth.   The servers were friendly, but they kept changing who our servers were.  The second server insisted on telling us the dinner specials even though I made it clear we had already heard them from the first server.  The drinks were incredibly weak.  I'm not some twenty year old looking to get bombed, but a hint of a taste of vodka would have been nice.  I felt like I was getting big glasses of cranberry juice and just being told they had alcohol in them.  My friend said her Mexican martini did not taste as strong as usual either.  The nachos were okay, but nothing special at all.  Now, both of us are *cough* *cough*, well out of our twenties.  As the place became more and more crowded, we started to feel like the old people at a frat party.  Everyone else in the bar was young, very young.  I started to wonder if one table was using fake IDs.  The table next to us kept looking at us and talking.  My friend was closer to them and said they were talking about how much longer we would be there as they wanted our table and they had even gone to the hostess and asked her how long we had been there.  Talk about rude!  I realize that isn't Trudy's fault, but still...We decided to order another drink and stay  just because they were so rude.   By the time we fnished that drink, it was so loud, conversation was almost impossible.   I seriously doubt we will ever go back for happy hour or to sit in their bar. Ugh.", "business_id": "fL_ilXgNUq_j9vMpZwdcLg", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-04-18", "type": "review"}