{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "dLbww9p4dZejRtL-zchsdA", "review_id": "O59JlUNEoPBC4kjhZM6yvQ", "text": "The day after I wrote my review here I was contacted on the phone by Silvio himself. I could tell that he was really concerned about my experience the night before and we went through what I had written on yelp. He tried to explain the reasons why some of my complaints had arisen. For instance, the crust is grey because he is using a new type of flour which he says is the highest quality flour available. And although i couldn't understand everything he was saying at the ungodly hour of 9am, I could tell that he genuinely wanted me to give his pizza another chance. He said he would send over some vegan Sorrel soup and another pizza whenever I wanted, I said ok...how about 6? This time the delivery driver did not try to swindle my sister out of a double-tip. She was very kind and apologetic as she tried to explain that restaurants some times make mistakes, and they can't always account for their employees actions, and that they were so sorry that a long-term customer had been subjected to sub-par service. I said that this was an amazing gesture from a man with an amazing passion for delicious, sustainable food, and for his customers. The second pizza was better than the first, but I felt like it needed a bit more flavor. I ate a couple (good) slices and i was definitely satisfied, and then added some more sauce and some daiya cheese to the rest of the pizza. Then, it was perfection. With a small alteration I made it exactly to my tasting. But I would like to point out that the pizza, as it was delivered, was really an improvement over yesterdays. Hopefully, yesterday's was just a fluke. Silvio's has a wonderful driving force behind it: the owner. I've worked in many restaurants and I have never encountered customer service akin to what Silvio did for me today. He really made me feel like my concerns and opinions on the food were things that he would take into consideration. He is very kind and I can tell he works his ass off to keep his restaurant moving forward. Hopefully, that wonderful attitude will continue to guide Silvio's into the future. I'll be there alongside you now!", "business_id": "jTPr0dFk2JgGYdDiIGro3Q", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-08-19", "type": "review"}