{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "Qt0lfgo1K2FuMf7qjLwWVA", "review_id": "APUlid3-kFnt7oxCm6DdHw", "text": "I hate reviews that just rant about the brand and don't have anything to say about the location.  So imma rant about the brand and then address this location in UVillage. There was a time, long ago, when J. Crew was seriously cool.  Ok, I'm from the north-east coast, so maybe that helps.  But seriously, used to be that when you shelled out the big bucks for a J. Crew outfit, you were getting your money's worth and then some; the quality was top-notch, and it looked it and felt it. Not so anymore.  Again and again, I try in vain to find even comfortable clothing here to no avail.  Two things seem to be an issue:  fabric and fit.  Basically all the tops and sweaters wear like potato sacks. Potato-sack Fabric:  Without fail, I'm finding J. Crew fabrics cheap and uncomfortable.  A scritchy-scratchy feeling with every item, even sweaters that appear plush to the eye.  Plus, most of the fabrics are really thin and flimsy, even winter collections.  I seriously find nicer-feeling clothes at Old Navy, every time. Potato-sack Fit:  Because of the weird fabric, nothing seems to lay right.  Also, the cut of these clothes is just bizarre.  I've yet to figure out what the ideal body type is here... maybe something along the lines of small-busted (B cup or below) with no waist, no hips, no butt.  Kind of like a thick-waisted Audrey Hepburn.   That said, I LOVE J. Crew accessories.  Purses, satchels, wallets, headbands, shoes--wonderful... and class.  I've never been disappointed with a J. Crew accessory, and I have lots of them. Also, the colors are gorgeous!  They tempt me every time to come in and try on (and be disappointed).  At this point, I look forward to getting the latest catalogue only for color-blocking ideas, assuming I can find colors anywhere near as vibrant and exciting at other stores. Now, this location.  Of the locations in the Seattle area, this is the one I would recommend.  It is spacious and comfortable.  The fitting rooms are clean and well-kept.  Also, the staff is really nice.  There is one girl there every time I go--her name is Carlen or Carden or something; she always introduces herself and is welcoming, gracious, and helpful without being salesy or overbearing.  Even the security guard is nice. However, as in all J. Crew stores, the selection tends to be on the sucky side.  If you're looking for a tee shirt, turtleneck, or basic button-down, this is your place.  But it never fails that I get excited to try something heavily featured in the latest catalogue, only to find it absent from the store.  Bah.  (Doesn't matter, as it never fits or feels right anyway.) I think my odyssey to reclaim the J. Crew that once was is finally coming to an end.   Overall, even if I could someday find something here that doesn't fit weird, I want clothing that feels good on.  Especially if I'm paying J. Crew prices.", "business_id": "W-QA1Q8Atz1cizkfdfc24A", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-09-29", "type": "review"}