{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 2, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "VEj1OuO6QrQMXFhuMZJ8cQ", "review_id": "IQ1gGUTloGek_FrPdWSvgg", "stars": 5, "date": "2012-08-07", "text": "White Dog...will leave you howling in ecstasy...as long as you're up for a little adventure and try the (hushed voices...executivesouschef's...hushed voices) masterful creations. \n\nThe Toy Box: Crispy, fat asparagus half tempura fried will leave your dining partners green with envy that they too didn't order this brilliant creation. The creamy white cheese - perhaps a soft Mozzarella? - and sliced mini tomatos (orange, red and yellow) make for an artfully delicious centerpiece. Colors! Flavors! And green drizzle! \n\nPho Special: Even though I'm totally not a noodle fan, and generally abscond from the room whenever spaghetti or udon is mentioned, I'm a bacon lover and pork belly aficionado. There's nothing worse than too fatty belly, too soft flour noodles and too under flavored broth. This means that there's everything right with thick, juicy, white squares of tender belly, al dente soba noodles and bacon broth. So what if you can see the fat floating in the broth bowl...slup it up.\n\nRavioli Special: Never before have I been served one ravioli and had it called a dish...even at the most pretentious tapas restaurants, this would be an abomination. Screw that. Eat one of the chicken and soft cheese filled raviolis settled atop a creamy tomato sauce brimming with tomato chunks, which add a brilliantly bright acidity  to he dish, and you'll never question ONE ravioli again.\n\nThe Dandelion Salad: Lucky for your tush, you can get this every day. Mega props to anyone who can make dandelion not taste like bitter, acrid, weed killer spray. The long dandelion leaves are dressed in a summery sweet dressing, topped with crunchy sunflower seeds and adorned with edible flowers. You'll feel like a princess (or prince) in a poppy field eating this. \n\nAnd if your'e worried about all of the tempura fry, pork fat, bacon drippings, cream sauce I just told you about...don't. It's organic. This means it's got like 0 calories.", "type": "review", "business_id": "ZKPrXH_GNW_AtZ31tP3NmA"}
