{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "hGM2T6oh7gJVgLL_Kx8oCQ", "review_id": "R845wEa0OsEGC83Vy5MzHg", "text": "Central Square doesn't have a tremendous amount of culinary delight to choose from. While Craigie on Main is definitely in its top tier, it's not the most AMAZING food I've ever had. It's very good but not \"5 star\" good. To be honest, I don't remember all the nitty-gritty details of the meal so here's what I do remember: - We ate WAY too much bread. The bread is tasty but its also extremely filling. By the time we had our entree, I could barely eat another bite of food for fear of bursting. I actually looked up how much food the human stomach can handle before bursting. It's about 4,000 cc's. While some people have eaten significantly more without exploding, I don't recommend trying. Apparently, you will die of sepsis. It's not pretty or quick; it's supposedly pretty agonizing.  Anyway, back to the review... - We ordered the Crispy-Fried Pig's Tails and Grilled Spanish Octopus as starters. I ordered the Octopus and wasn't particularly impressed. This is a tricky dish to get right. Like scallops, if it's overcooked, it loses all its delicious texture and flavor. These were probably just a bit overdone. Sadly, they had little flavor.  I was a bit reluctant to try to Pig's Tails but my BF knows his food so I was more willing than usual. As he went to cut me a piece, there was no meat to be eaten...it was just a giant hunk of fat. Eventually, he was able to find a piece that was more meat than fat. It was tasty but again, not mind blowing.  - For our entree, we ordered the Whole Roasted Misty Knolls Chicken. When they say \"whole\" they mean it's the entire chicken. And although it says \"For Two\" in parentheses, it's really enough to feed 4 people who also ordered appetizers. Was it delicious? Completely. But was it worth spending $70 on it? Not really. We were so full that we could barely eat more than a few bites. We wound up taking it home but had dinner plans most of the coming week and wound up tossing the majority of it. It was utterly painful to toss more than half of a $70 chicken.  Finally, the restaurant gives you a complementary dish before your official meal begins. Honestly, I don't even remember what it was. All I know is that I wouldn't have ordered a starter had I known how much food was coming our way.  Granted, I haven't tried their burger (which they're known for). I will definitely go back since the food is really good but I'll skip the bread and starters so I can actually enjoy my entree!", "business_id": "58cDJU4cub1o0o0B4h9GrA", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-09-30", "type": "review"}