{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "KKYWpTVmqEbJ2sMUxuYFAQ", "review_id": "X9laeTVvYokV3HrQaPFmFQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-02-25", "text": "There has been alot of trashy talk about Hudson Lounge since the Houston Press article a few weeks ago.  However, I just want to clarify that is a very trendy bar  with some high standards.  First, look at the neighborhood the nightclub is located in - West University.  Second, the bouncers are doing their job, whether or not, they decline a guest for wearing tennis shoes.  Tennis shoes should be worn in the gym and not in a club, regardless of who's wearing them and how much they cost.    Third, everyone is entitled to their opinion.  Mind you, Hudson's Crowd is not your run of the mill and grunge bar crowd. It's the \"dress\" to impress, and it's the image they have boasted from day one, opening day.  It's not for everyone, and every place  has their standards.  \n\nThe people who have left unfavorable reviews have not been forthright in leaving  in the review.    Yes, you're entitled to your opinions, but if you don't dress right going to a club that makes it not a secret that you have to dress to impress, and look the part, you have no reason in being there in the first place.  \n\nI'm a regular at Hudson, and I have never been kicked out or ever had problems getting in the club.    My friends that have accompanied me - they come from various ethnic backgrounds.   My drinks have been right, and the service has been fair to excellent, depending on the night.    \n\nSo if you go there during the mid-week the service should excellent, just dress the part, and if you there on a weekend night, you should expect a line at door, or the club bouncers to be stricter on dress code.     On the flip side, the music is pretty good - the DJs there spin a variety techno/pop and remixed top 40 music, with some fresh grooves on the weekend.  The bartenders are pretty good at serving pretty strong drinks, but on some nights, it seems like the service could improve.", "type": "review", "business_id": "xDgb-HSWJ_2A23iADT9e1w"}
