{"votes": {"funny": 13, "useful": 20, "cool": 14}, "user_id": "eyx42e79U0UEIqWabS1GEA", "review_id": "cUgrbRczktyNZHjxvP8K_g", "text": "Full Name: The William Randolph Hearst Greek Theatre The Greek Theatre is a classic venue. It was built in 1903 and has hosted countless graduation ceremonies (my Psychology ceremony took place here in 1998), classical music performances, plays, and rock concerts. Anyone who's anyone has performed at the Greek. The theatre is outdoors. If you go here, especially at night, bring something to sit on and a small blanket. Some general information: You can't bring in alcohol, cans, bottles, ice chests, picnic baskets, lawn furniture, strollers, large blankets, large backpacks, heavy artillery, cameras or recording devices. Children 2 and under are free (don't try to sneak in a midget). Everyone older than 2 must have a ticket. +No seat is a bad one. The theatre is big (the seating capacity is 8,500), but intimate. Unless you're really in the back and at a bad angle (or are incredibly short), you're easily going to see what's happening on the stage. +It takes 20 minutes to walk to the theatre from the Berkeley B.A.R.T. station (it takes about 15 if you're a fast walker familiar with the area), and it's basically a straight shot (you only have to walk to the left a little once you reach the top of the hill). +The atmosphere is serene. The trees and hills surrounding the theatre help bring this about. +The site is truly historical (the theatre was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982). Past speakers include President Theodore Roosevelt, William Randolph Hearst (yes, the theatre was named after him), Michael Moore, and the Dalai Lama (for some reason, Larry the Cable Guy hasn't been invited- somebody should \"Git-R-Done!\"). In terms of entertainment, among many others, Bill Cosby and The Grateful Dead have performed here. +The theatre is one of a kind. The Greek columns supporting the stage and the architecture outside especially stand out. Visually speaking, the theatre is different than any other place I've ever been to (even if you go to Greece, you'll mainly find ruins, not intact, functional places like this). -Beers and food are overpriced (expect to pay $10 or more), and the few concession stands are poorly located (people standing in line can block other people from getting to their seats). -I personally like them okay, but the seating is on concrete benches that have a few rocks mixed in (seat numbers are spray painted on the concrete). The seats are in good shape and have a certain charm to them (they're also somewhat wide), but sitting on them for awhile will make your butt sore (I briefly had some trouble walking after attending a graduation ceremony that lasted about 3 hours). The outdoor theatre at Ohlone College in Fremont is similar, but the Greek Theatre is superior. -The theatre isn't state of the art. It's old, and so there may be problems with lighting (I've only read about this- I don't think it's very common). There are also only a couple of bathrooms around (they're decent). It's not a real issue because of the innate beauty of the theatre, but decorating a place like this (in other words, adding color or making it look more modern) isn't very easy logistically. -Parking is severely limited around U.C. Berkeley (the theatre is owned by the school and is very close to Memorial Stadium, where Cal football games take place- well, they'll take place at AT&T Park this season while Memorial is being renovated, but you get the picture). If you park in the area, expect to walk uphill for a number of minutes (I don't advise anyone in really bad shape to go here- even if you take B.A.R.T., you're going to have to walk uphill for a few minutes). Souvenir stands are always to the left of the stage (there's only enough room for there to be 2 or 3, but that's typical at a concert or show- in any case, it's enough). All in all, the Greek Theatre is a great venue to see a play, concert, or anything else (the bonfire rallies before The Big Game always occur here, and they're a sight to see). I've only been to one concert here (I saw Hootie & The Blowfish perform about 14 years ago- they were great, and so was the opening act), but I'll try to see another one in the future (I used to go to concerts all the time, but I'm too busy now). It's not perfect, but seeing something at the Greek Theatre is an experience like no other.", "business_id": "ywXXDU2qDrJt7RshO-NN7Q", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-07-07", "type": "review"}