{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 9, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "NHgnFOLDeV_jZ-u6O12YKw", "review_id": "kxw871XIltnXLoz0BCRMFw", "text": "These positive reviews are shocking. There are several apartment locators that service the West Campus area. I used three of them: Campus Condos, UT Home Search, and, unfortunately, Apartment Finders Service. The guy from UT Home Search wasn't exactly friendly and seemed to believe he was wasting his time helping four college students. The woman with Campus Condos was the best out of all three. She was nice, kept us updated on all the properties, and best of all, she wasn't awkward to ride around with. But because we still hadn't found anything we liked, we went to Apartment Finders Service. Very quickly, we found a place that had just dropped their prices. It was exactly what we wanted, so the four of us signed immediately, for two different apartments right next door to each other. One day before we move in, we go to get the keys to our new apartments. That's when we found out how exactly Apartment Finders Service had screwed us over. We told them from the beginning that parking was an important issue for us. We all wanted to have our own parking spots in West Campus, which is why the other locators had trouble finding us a place and why we immediately signed when one was available. So, we get the keys and ask them where we park. They tell us there is only one parking space per apartment. I flipped out. I called AFS to see what they were willing to do correct their mistake. \"We told you there was one spot for you,\" they said. \"You said that when two of us were in the room, meaning one for each of us. We told you that we all had cars, and all needed parking spaces,\" I argued. After screaming over the phone at Sunday, the woman who mislead us into signing a lease, the owner of the company was finally put on the phone. Almost immediately he said \"Are you stupid and can't understand what Sunday told you?\" Yes, he said that. To me. His customer. So, when you're looking for someone to help you find an apartment in West Campus, keep those words in mind. Preferably as you go to another company.", "business_id": "GWSuufoP1B6MF-dN9f-Oyw", "stars": 1, "date": "2009-09-25", "type": "review"}