{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 2, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "L5OCs5ri6Wrtpfru5IGuaQ", "review_id": "NGUHCfizN1FpeL8VsOJhSA", "stars": 4, "date": "2008-09-19", "text": "It would totally be 5 stars if they toasted the bread. I liked this place a lot. I was really in the mood for something somewhat healthy and not too filling and this was the perfect place to come to. It's always crowded and there seems to constantly be a neverending flow of people in and out, but when we walked in, a table opened up so we snatched it. My boyfriend and i split a blta and a tossed green salad. Sounds simple but it was one of the best meals i've had in a while (for being so simple, of course). the bacon was done perfectly and i love that they have sprouts and put it on practically everything. the tossed green salad sounds really typical and when i ordered it, i was  so happy to see that it wasn't just a bunch of ReadyPac iceberg lettuce tossed with typical italian dressing. But when i got it, i was so happy to see that it was nothing like what i was expecting. It actually looked like a legit, delicious, healthy salad. Mmm. Even after all that i read about the poppy seed dressing, i decided to go with the herbal vinagrette and i'm glad i did. it was definitely more my taste than a sweet dressing (the poppy seed). \nWe each got a Fresca to drink, of course. I got the pineapple and he got the strawberry. they were delish. I wish there were less chunks of fruit in them though so i could drink it out of a straw easier. I love the way this place is set up and decorated. Even if the trees inside are fake and decorated with fake butterflies, i still thought it was a nice touch. And with the real flies flying around everywhere, it makes you feel like you really ARE outside. yumm. \nthey had a full espresso bar as well, that was kinda cool.\nAll in all we had a good experience here. And for the full sandwich, salad, and 2 drinks, it was less than $15. You can't really beat that.", "type": "review", "business_id": "j0C1t08TLW_iPPdC-8P_vQ"}
