{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "mZ3PIY2nsnQuwRvw2rEGPg", "review_id": "9jsg40J7D7pHC_CyPH5T_g", "text": "I'm following up since apparently my bestie, Anthony H., already wrote a review about our experience. So if I may... It's true, the vegan nacho fries are a MUST. Three of us split a half-order while we were starving, and were still left wondering how huge a full order would be cuz we sure as hell would not have been able to tackle it.  I had a vegan California burger (with subbed \"meaty\" patty..forget what it's called) and it was delicious as always. They don't skimp on the avocado! I had like 6 slices, it was awesommee. For those of you who love avocado and hate how it costs at least $2 extra at restaurants (and you get a tiny slice pshh) know how much you gotta appreciate the extra slices! I was a little bummed that they were running out of stuff..they ran out of their soup of the day RIGHT before we ordered, so we had to get more fries with our burgers (they went straight into to-go boxes). They also ran out of chocolate vegan ice cream, and there was nothing to make fruit salad with. However, our server, Andy, still managed to make a chocolate milkshake for us (by using chocolate syrup with vanilla ice cream). He was super obliging and sweet. Actually, all the staff we interacted with were pretty awesome and down to earth.  The space is really cute and clean. They also have an adjoining little bar/lounge type area, which apparently hosts fundraising events for not-for-profit orgs? God love you, Saturns. I am a little disappointed that they don't have the awesome gender neutral bathroom signs that the SC location has, but at least the bathrooms were clean. Basically, this place is pretty awesome. Good vegan diner food that's open late? That's enough to make me love a place. But when you add the chill staff, cute space, and vegan nacho fries...really..what more can you ask for?", "business_id": "S4a-MaxMszQjSPSs1JSM2A", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-01-02", "type": "review"}