{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "uc3dt0mxsebnUYA_RIrNwQ", "review_id": "OsTfZ9xsIZ06yQv9JnCOFw", "text": "Happy hour $5 plates! I came on a Thursday night around 5:30-6pm, and thank God we did! Snatched the last table, and after us there was a huge crowd of wait at the tiny little bar HAHA sucked for them. First, I gotta say that the place is so so cramped. The tables are so close together that I can't leave my seat without worrying about knocking over some other table's drinks. Seriously, so close that I couldn't talk freely for fear of the next table overhearing! The whole setting was extremely uncomfortable and it was soo loud, I could hear the table of girls at the other end of the restaurant. This is the only thing that cost this place a star and that prevents me from going like everyday. Shame, cuz the idea is kind of cool. The ceiling is a bunch of wine bottles, and the beer and wine menu is written in chalk on the walls. Crostini - Gorgonzola, dates, walnuts, orange honey: my favorite of the ones we had! Something about the sweetness and the slight saltiness of the cheese. - Fresh goat cheese, balsamic endive marmalade: meh. The strong taste of goat cheese PLUS the extra sour from the balsamic was no good for me. - Mascarpone, sun-dried tomato tapenade: also very good. - Ricotta with Sicilian syrup: sweet but light! Grilled panini - With pastrami, carmelized onions, and mozzarella. It by no means was a loaded panini, but the flavor was good. A tad greasy, but I would definitely order this again. The Bacaro Burger - With the fried egg on top. OMG YUMZ. Must get it with the egg. It's an open faced burger with a huge patty of meat. Ordered medium rare, but honestly, I was a little bit scared of salmonella. The beef was mostly red and squishy, and the egg was runny. But alas, I was fine. This is a must. Bacon & Brie pizza - Whatever. I wouldn't order it again. It is however much bigger than I had imagined it to be when I ordered it. So this fed 2 people...and we almost couldn't finish! ---------------------- UPDATE: White pizza - I like! Light flavors with the white sauce, bacon, scallions. Bacaro Mac and Cheese - Really liked this dish too. Very cheesy, though moreso of the liquidy type of cheese. -------------------------- UPDATE2: I can't stand the noise anymore. It's soooooo loud in there....gave me a massive headache. Other than that, I have fallen in love with the pan seared scallops. The sauce is made from carrot puree and is absolutely delicious. The scallops are great...but $8 for 2 scallops? I'm practically letting you steal from me! Even at $5 during happy hour....almost couldn't take it. The grilled chicken breast was really really dry, the bed of risotto it came ontop of was fried so it was like McDonald's hashbrowns, and the lemon caper sauce was too sour.", "business_id": "8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-02-16", "type": "review"}