{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "0S8zeXnsfmmX5AhdJQ7dLQ", "review_id": "UtNPQM1JJLiPs3qobfm1dw", "text": "I actually wanted to give them 2.5 stars if I could.... but I am being nice and giving them 3 stars. I must say I am particularly dissatisfied because all of my unsatisfactory experiences came from delivery/pick-ups. My experiences at the restaurant were fine. Great atmosphere, spacious, and the food was good too. One time I got their pho delivered to my place. I know that a lot of people don't like the pho because it is, well, different. But I like the fact that they never use MSG. Anyways, I was really disappointed to find out that they forgot to put meat under the noodle (usually, in their \"tiffins\" there is a good portion of cooked meat under the noodle, and there is also a thin slice of uncooked meat on the top of the noodle) - meaning that I got only a thin slice of uncooked meat. For me, that was just unacceptable for $8 + tax + tip. Also, I used to really really like their summer rolls (not fried, but rolled in rice papers). They are shrimp, pork, rice vermicelli, bean sprouts, lettuce, and leeks rolled in rice paper. Even the peanut dipping sauce is delicious. I've had them at least four times. Particularly because my first two experiences with them were so good. The third time, I ordered them for either delivery or pick-up, and they were disappointing. It was pretty obvious they were half the size they used to be. Couldn't believe I paid $5 +tax +tip for two tiny rolls. The fourth time, again, delivered, was just unbelievable. The size was definitely bigger, but most of it was filled with rice vermicelli and lettuce. Two small pieces of shrimp in each one, and no pork. I don't know if they ran out of pork or something, but that definitely did not make me happy, especially since they didn't explain/apologize why my rolls were so poorly made. On two occasions, they forgot to bring me sriracha or hoisin or peanut sauce. Small mistakes, but still, disappointing. I guess I am just offended because if such occurrences had happened at the restaurant, I could have complained about it. But when I don't feel like going out, have my food delivered just to find that they forgot the sauce, or made my rolls poorly, it is just annoying. I wish they cared more about people who don't eat at the restaurant and be more attentive to deliveries and pick-ups.", "business_id": "ZmYIPv4XQQ2bT4dgl6ezzA", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-06-29", "type": "review"}