{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "9UaXRv9rJMW0wf9pHBmoMA", "review_id": "GZnlCR6elAJaay53Xeqo2w", "text": "I'll be upfront: I used to work at Moe's, but since they no longer give me a paycheck or a discount, I think that it's fair for me type up my thoughts for my fellow yelpers. Come on now book-lovers - Moe's has four floors of used books (and a basement full of new books), what's not to love? Cheap pocketbooks, check. More literature and poetry than you know what to do with, double check. Academic books up the wazoo, check. That super technical math book you need for your linear algebra class, yup, it's probably there, too. Oh yeah, for all you up-scale types. You don't want the common man's book? Fine, go up to the fourth floor any buy yourself a signed first-edition of your favorite novel. I make it point to hit up used bookstores in every city I go to and Moe's is by far the best. The Strand and Powell's are big, but the quality of the books on their shelves doesn't match Moe's. When it comes to buying books from the public, the guys and gals over at Moe's are a pretty ethical bunch. From what I've heard, if Moe saw a bookseller giving a customer too little for a book, that poor employee would get smacked with a pocketbook before getting an earful of crotchety abuses. Apparently, that technique works - Moe's lessons live on. Parents take note. Here's a little about Moe's buying policy. Moe's will almost always give you the best deal when you are selling your books. Shop around, you'll see. But, of course, they aren't going to buy everything you bring in. Common scenarios: 1) \"But Ms. Bookbuyer, this book is really good; and popular, too. Trust me, you want this one.\" Well, the other 18 people in your book group sold that book to Moe's yesterday, and a 19th copy is overkill. 2) \"This is an academic book. I thought Moe's wants academic books?\" Nobody wants outdated academic books. Hint: 'Contemporary' means 'what's happening now'. If 'contemporary' is in the title of a book and the copyright date is 1990, well, do you see where I'm going with this? Outdated technical books (e.g. psychology, political science, law, economics) of all stripes are a no-go. 3) If your book was used to soak up a coffee spill, no one, including Moe's, wants to by it. 4) If your dog went tinkle on your book, throw it away. Don't make an unsuspecting bookbuyer touch it. 5) No one wants a book with spiders crawling out of it. 6) If there is more marginalia than printed words, don't bother. If you keep these guidelines in mind, selling books at Moe's will be a positive experience. If you're like me, when you're done exercising your brain at Moe's, it's time to give your liver a workout. Head on over to Manny's Tap Room, elbow your way through some obnoxious co-eds, and get yourself a pint of one of the fifty-million beers they have on tap.", "business_id": "9nIZxuuFBwg9XbMjO8bXsA", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-12-19", "type": "review"}