{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 3, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "4JKdi8A9F1htXH3V0Cjrgw", "review_id": "2kUogrcDvff2U_az5pZPZA", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-04-21", "text": "Decided to use my handy-dandy Yelp app to find a cheap eats place in the Midtown/West Midtown area after coming from the Dogwood Fest (Which was pretty cool.), This time it took me to the Westside to try one of the delicious  Paninis at Toscano & Sons. (I guess I spoke too soon)\n\nAfter finding a parking on the roof of the building next door I headed over to Toscano & Sons only to walk in and smell the wonderful aroma of whatever Italian goodness they had cooking back there, it really got me hungry.\n\nThe setup on the inside is really cool, it's a quaint market and deli/bakery like what you would imagine to be somewhere in NY or on a bustling alley in Roma (at least IMHO!!! FYi: I've never been to Italy, but would love to go), there are literally rows and rows of shelves stocked with all kinds of imported Italian goods.... But we'll get to that a little later, I came to eat.\n\nAs soon as I walked in I went straight to the Deli counter, there was no one in line so I was the first up. Even though the chalkboard menu was short and sweet (there were 10 different offerings), there seemed to be something for every walk of life, there were 3 vegetarian options which were more than enough IMO (even thought I'm not a strict vegetarian, I'd said to myself that I didn't want anything too heavy). After asking the kind gentleman behind the counter what he suggested out of the 3 veggie options he said that each one was different and very good depending on what you had a particular taste for, and taking that into consideration I ordered the Caprese which comes with buffalo mozzarella, tomato, pesto.\n\nDuring my wait for my sandwich (about no more than 5 minutes) I decided to explore the little market they had in there and there was literally all kinds of cool and interesting things in there, there were cheeses, rices, wines, and even Italian sodas plus many many more. I got to see alot but not everything until I got my sandwich which was hot but not scalding when he handed it to me in it's deli wrapping paper.\n\nI went to the fridge and grabbed a 'red orange' soda and then paid for everything at the counter next to the front door. I was hungry so I was able to grab a seat outside. I unwrapped that paper and was in awe of how beautiful this thing looked. I grabbed it, took my first bite and literally felt like I was in vegetarian heaven. The bread (perfectly toasted on the outside and soft on the inside) coupled with a bite of the fresh tomato, the soft mozzarella, and that flavorful pesto had me at HELLO. This was good. I couldn't decide whether to keep eating it or put it back down to savor what I had already bitten off..... I put it down..... for just a second.\n\nI'm thinking at this moment that how could something so incredibly simple be so darn good. I'm no Italian expert but I coulda sworn I tasted Italy in that sandwich. I literally felt like I was in an episode of Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations it was so good.\n\nSo as you can imagine.... I took my time killing that Panini.\n\nAside from the incredible food, the staff on hand was very nice and helpful\n\n(And the next time I'll try the Chinotti soda)\n\nYeh, I'll be back.", "type": "review", "business_id": "1kHV-hdQXDLeyRyrxn4p7g"}
