{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 10, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "e8ctA42_X95wLlrf09YZQg", "review_id": "jKhCIYUpsZZqinxJW7zw2w", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-02-28", "text": "Cafe Zola makes me cranky.\n\nWhen I first moved to Ann Arbor in the early aughts, Zola was a chill, laid back cafe that turned into a hot brunch spot on the weekends and a bistro around dinner time. During the day, you could park yourself on one of their funky velvet couches or little cafe tables, hook up the laptop, and pound away on the keyboard while slurping bottomless coffees and inhaling pastries.\n\nThey changed their business model several years ago to be more like a restaurant and less like a cafe. Basically, there is no more grad student lurking in Zola. This is now a serious upscale eatery, where every patron is seated properly at a table eating food and leaving when they're done. \n\nWhich would be fine--there are many restaurants that I love that can also be described this way. But Zola is so effing pretentious, and the food just doesn't back up the attitude. Either Zola trains its staff to act snotty, or the owners tend to hire people who are that way by nature. The greeters and servers are almost uniformly unfriendly.\n\nNothing here in my mind is exceptional food. I like the Belgian waffles covered in ice cream and sweet toppings, but it just takes a trip to the grocery store to make something similar at home. The sandwiches are good, but again, easily replicated--and while I know Zingerman's bread is the hallmark of a good restaurant in Ann Arbor, I would appreciate not having a sore jaw after trying to eat my sandwich. Enough with the crusty old bread! I usually order the meatloaf sandwich here for $12. It's ok. Just ok. By comparison, my favorite meatloaf sandwich in Boston in one of the most expensive areas of town is $9 and about 3 times as delicious.\n\nI'll use one specific experience here to illustrate. Some friends were getting married, and asked me to organize a brunch for the wedding party (mostly out of towners) at Zola the day of the wedding. I made a reservation but we still had loads of fun with table mishaps and them refusing to seat us when one member of our huge group had trouble getting parking. Yep, 13/14 people in a group is not enough for them to seat you. The food was its usual mediocre self. Then the bill came, and jaws dropped. Over $7 for a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice! We joked that you could buy a bag of oranges AND the labor to squeeze them for less than that price.\n\nLet's see, good things to say about Zola. They have a good tea selection. Their coffee is strong and tasty (but overpriced, especially considering that Sweetwaters is about 20 feet away). But really, the only reason I'm giving them the second star is because I remember the way it once was.", "type": "review", "business_id": "BlUEgCOGzDwpOWnkQn3odw"}
