{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "5fOaXa9vVNM9nnlspeqfpA", "review_id": "nnsGOPOwUl2hSqAJrg1vXw", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-03-28", "text": "I ran into Nic several weeks ago while trying out a burger trailer near 5th and Colorado.  I overheard him talking about HIS food trailer, mentioned that I'm a big fan of yummy street food, and ended up with his business card, a friendly handshake, and an invitation to try out his rotisserie chicken sandwiches.\n\nThe Poke In Da Eye BBQ sandwich hit the spot!  I could tell that this chicken hadn't merely been stuck in a roasting pan with a haphazard dash of salt and pepper and random dried spices, but, as the Jalopy's web site explains, it was artfully brined overnight before being roasted and served out to the lucky patrons via sandwich slide.  The BBQ sauce was pleasantly tangy and the purple cabbage was fresh n' crunchy.  My vegetarian lunch buddy had the popular Caprese, which he enthusiastically consumed and smiled contentedly after he finished it off.\n\nNic popped out of the trailer, remembered meeting me weeks back, and asked each of us what we'd ordered and what we thought of the food.  In speaking to him, I discovered the attention he's given to his creations.  For example,  the CRISPNESS OF THE TOASTED BREAD - it's gotta be crispy enough on the outside to handle the sandwich sauces, but still soft in the middle, \"so you don't cut the roof of your mouth\", as Nic put it.  This man *really* wants your feedback and is obviously working towards providing a gastronomic experience extraordinaire!    \n\nThe Jalopy serves up fare that's been crafted, rather than slapped together.  On top of delicious food, Nic and his staff have a genuine interest in knowing if you actually ENJOY what they've made and are looking for ways to make your experience YUMMIER!\n\nI'm saving a star only because I know that there's more greatness to come from this place.  Check out the Jalopy and be sure to give these guys a pat-on-the-back for the fantastic meals they're serving!", "type": "review", "business_id": "OIhLVqFOibyXnZCTlCt43A"}
