{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "So_pEFGooaxzPinfS99bHQ", "review_id": "DKqH0FtTTfBjIF7BWFLUEQ", "text": "Years ago my boyfriend at the time introduced me to indian cooking by making me homecooked meals he had learned from online instructions. My favorite dish was Chana Masala. It was really delicious. I had been so excited to try Indian restaurants after that so i ventured out to a few and was horribly disappointed because nothing lived up to his cooking. What i had had lacked flavour and freshness. After two years of searching for fresh, flavourful indian cooking i gave up-  Tonight my friends and i decided we wanted to go for indian food. I was skeptical, but excited because i still had hope that there was a such restaurant out there that had Indian food like i had first been introduced to. There were five of us and as a table we ordered Mango Curry Chana Masala with Paneer Mint Salad Garlic Naan Roti and one other dish that i cannot remember.  First we started off with the breads, which were great (they usually are). The magic happened with the main courses. As soon as the Chana Masala arrived i jumped at the dish. After the first bite a rush of excitement ran through me. I FINALLY found a restaurant that had Chana Masala cooked as well as my boyfriends (and he isn't Indian!). As i moved onto the Mango Curry i just about lost it. The flavours were spectacular and danced around in my mouth. I became overwhelmed with excitement for having finally found a great place. I then mixed the Mint salad into my food and it tasted wonderfully fresh and full of flavour.  I was so impressed that i went up to the owner and expressed how grateful i was for the amazing food we had just eaten and that i would be rating them on Yelp, and here i am..  Go here, you won't be disappointed! ps. request to sit to the right when you walk in if you want to be in the natural light and surrounded by windows, request to sit to the left when you walk in if you want something a little more intimate. enjoy!", "business_id": "FJlMfEtr7E-uTzUxspuzIg", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-04-26", "type": "review"}