{"votes": {"funny": 4, "useful": 5, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "XY3EtrJI1OLMtiSQVrRZug", "review_id": "dO4_rG_V3Uav79uPSjn8lQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-02-17", "text": "Yes im a fan of this ooooooollllld school lookin spot. \n\n So I came here with a good friend and when we rolled up for some reason I felt like I was in Reno, I never been but if felt like it. Especially since we were right across the street from that high mileage of a spot called the Tropical Lei :|  I was almost tempted to go to The tropical lei but I don't need a blow j so im good LOL. \n\n  So we walk in and the boss lady swore she met me before LOL I said im sorry boo but you have me confused and come on NO ONE and I mean NO ONE looks like me, for real. Name a list of super stacked pierced neck ,stretched ear black girls with 19inch weaves do you know!!???? I won't lie that shit irks me to death.  But since it was Vday and I was in a good mood buzzin off a martini prior to coming here, I politely told her it wasn't me even though she asked if I had a twin for real LOL.   Anywho she's a boss and bartender (that night at least) man can she make some cocktails we both had Mai tai's and Blue hawaiians and I was tiiiiiipsy !  The service is ooooollld school and on point!  \n\n  \n   Ok so lets move onto the food. The menu is wide and I had a hard time deciding what I wanted us to eat :D I had reign of this meal so all this pressure on me hehe. So we started off with spare ribs , those came out hot and fresh and HUGE . They were cooked perfectly and juicy. I'd like those again. We ordered shrimp fried rice, beef chow mein and mushroom chicken. Everything comes HOT and super fresh. Everything tasted great. Seriously no complaints here. The shrimp that came with the fried rice was nice and plump , no scrawny looking shrimps. The chow mein had great flavor and the mushroom chicken was very good, nice and moist, not dried out chicken and lots of shrooms :D   \n\n     I'd totally come back here and when Boss lady asks me if I've been in there before, I can say yes that was last month LOL", "type": "review", "business_id": "DvftSGZy1jyarG7tpgTsMQ"}
