{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "C0kGy1QWXvOd5gLDp3mMlw", "review_id": "79swewtcPeC5O5pzFnAaRQ", "text": "Bordering on 5 stars - I loved the ambiance, the location, the flavors, the staff! Amazing.  Parking is a little hard to come by since the restaurant doesn't have it's own lot, but it's manageable.  At first, I was a little upset.  We had come to the restaurant to celebrate my mom's birthday and I had made a reservation via phone a week + before because I knew the place got crowded on a weekend.  Lo and behold, when I got there, they did not have our names down on the reservation list.  They were able to get us seated in about 15-20 minutes after we arrived, which was nice considering the crowd was pretty large waiting to be seated. The food was spectacular.  We all split a bottle of the reserve malbec ($50) - which was recommended to us by the waiter.  At first I thought it was a bit steep, and hey why are you recommending us the most expensive bottle, but it was pretty darn delicious (my taste buds also looove Malbecs - hence choosing this restaurant).  I was really happy with my entrada al chimichurri ($22) - it was sooo flavorful, and came with some veggies and just really was a filling, satisfying meal (I was very very full).  Others were satisfied with their portions and tastes of their meal - some popular dishes at our table was the bife al malbec, which was seasoned with a malbec-made sauce that was also punched with flavor. The empanadas ($7) were a nice appetizer and came with a plethora of options to choose from (veggie, meat, etc). My dad loved his mix of meats in the gran brochette argentina ($29). Lots of variety and more food than most of the plates, it was a nice palette change. The seafood pasta, the tallarines golfo nuevo, was good but nothing too extraordinary like the other dishes. Staff had excellent service, and I'm glad we were accommodated as quickly as possible.  All in all, huge fan of this place and I would totally come back again!", "business_id": "D6jDSCivbVSjqmnu1RF3fA", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-05-09", "type": "review"}