{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 4, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "aGOXpui-LeW9mxVn3Gy0dA", "review_id": "DNW7WdK7E-59AZy3vK-Y3w", "text": "Wow, I guess I have rather barbaric standards for my gyms, since I think this place is just fine and so many other reviews hate on it. I've belonged to Healthworks, Women's Fitness of Boston, Cambridge Racquet and Fitness, and Bally's, and I have to say that BSC comes in 2nd (with CRFC at 1st). What I look for in a gym: 1. Does it have all the equipment I want? BSC Central has tons of cardio equipment - treadmills, ellipticals, stairs, rowers, and some wacky machines that I'm not coordinated enough to use. It does get busy between 5-7, but there's no 30 min limit, and I haven't ever had to wait more than 5 minutes for a machine. Most have their own tv's/audio, and many are new. The spinning bikes are brand new. The free weights are plentiful in both the healthworks range (starbucks venti latte to coach diaper bag) and real weights range. I also love the fact that the free-weights and machines are distributed throughout the gym so you aren't all grunting in exactly the same place. Tons of different machines to choose from so you can mix things up and keep it interesting. Lots of balance boards, foam rollers, medicine balls, etc and ab stuff. 2. Is it convenient? If I can't fall out of bed and into my gym, I won't go. I am incurably lazy. This is a 5 minute walk from my house, and literally right at the central t-stop, so even if I'm out, I have to pass it at some point. 3. Do I like the people that work there? I'm really surprised at some of the comments about the people. I don't think they're odd or rude. Well, a few of the trainers are bitchy, but the floor staff and cleaning people are very sweet (and BUSY - the place is NOT dirty, it just needs better ventilation to handle the peak usage times). 4. Do I get a sense of energy from the gym? People at BSC Central are WORKING OUT. There are the cardio bunnies who sit there reading a novel on the elliptical, but for the most part people are putting in serious effort. I learn a cool new move at least once a week from watching the other members. Their badass-ness inspires me to get creative and work harder.  I've lost 15 pounds at BSC, 15 pounds that had stubbornly refused to budge anywhere else. So, BSC has been effective in helping me get in better shape and reach my goals. That, to me, is worth so much more than a pleasant odor Yes, BSC is in a windowless basement, which isn't great, and which is why I took a star off. Healthworks smells nice, they've got a good selection of classes, and the hottub is nice (although less so when you really think about the fact that you are marinating in a soup with tons of other post-workout gym goers, mmmmm yummy), but their weight selection is PITIFUL, and they don't have nearly enough cardio machines. If I can't get my workout in, I really don't give a flying crap what it smells like.", "business_id": "2aX5FiLLu3Ws7bD4suvJRg", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-06-06", "type": "review"}