{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "VDTB8E4mCcz9F2PlpD7QnQ", "review_id": "TTh3TanBgONon7TqxyUM4A", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-08-12", "text": "I used to love Joe's when I was a kid growing up in Ithaca, and as a college student. When I returned to town 3 years ago, I went back, only to find that the menu had changed drastically, and not for the better. I returned again last spring, hoping they had worked out some of the kinks, but the menu was essentially the same. They had \"fancified\" the menu with all sorts of entrees they never used to have, and had a system of portions that ranged from piccolo (supposedly a single serving), to large (for two), or family-size. What annoyed me most, though, was that you couldn't just order a plate of pasta with the sauce of your choice. I could not understand why this most basic choice was not on the menu.\n\nWell, I returned last night because I was craving a nice, comforting plate of pasta. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Joe's has completely revamped the menu. They have the standard run of entrees - chicken marsala, lasagna, manicotti, etc, but what I loved was that on the first page (of two), they had a list of pastas to choose from (including whole wheat!) and a choice of sauces. The choice of pastas also included tortellini and ravioli. I thought the cost for the pasta dishes reasonable ($10-14 depending on choice of pasta/sauce). I didn't take a good look at the entrees, but prices seemed to be about $15-17 or so.\n\nI had the Greens & Beans soup, which was only ok. It definitely needed some seasoning. The bottomless salad was a standard iceberg lettuce salad as others have described, and no, the dressing is not as good as it once was. The breadsticks were dry, and the only flavor seemed to come from the pile of grated cheese on top. There was no dipping sauce for them (but I don't recall them ever coming with sauce).\n\nThe whole wheat pasta with creamy pesto was just what the doctor ordered, though. Pasta al dente, and the sauce tasty. Comfort food!\n\nThe service was average - not terribly attentive (she forgot our waters) or fast (it took her a while to come take our orders). One thing I found a little irritating was that when she introduced herself, she also wrote her name on our paper tablecloth. I've never seen that done before, and I'm not sure I liked it. The atmosphere was too casual for date night (lights were too bright), though this was a Thursday evening.\n\nAnyway, I am giving them 4 stars, because, yay, their menu has improved, and I can now get a plate of tasty pasta at a reasonable price.", "type": "review", "business_id": "vMB7YTcNXNiDEhUSF1SyeQ"}
