{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "Qi4dX2Vck3kezOhKpzXwGA", "review_id": "vatRtaBLc9YDbGriSAfD0Q", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-08-07", "text": "This pizza parlor is really reminiscent of the pizza place I have visited in New York: small and crowded. Came in at 12pm and it was terribly busy. The wait wasn't too long since you  just pay at the register and then grab a number and table until your pizza comes out.\n\nI ordered the white pizza (New York style) and the meat lover's pizza (Chicago style). When the pizza came out it was not as hot as I would have liked it. The white pizza was basically some spinach (?), ricotta cheese and mozzarella. The ricotta cheese did not really add any flavors to the pizza, however for those who are spinach lovers I think it is something to consider when ordering here. \n\nNext I took a bit of the meat lovers pizza and saw that there are layers of cheese and meat in between which I thought was pretty cool. But overall I think it was just too thick and again if the pizza was a bit hotter, to the point where the cheese is all ooey gooey then I think it would have tasted a lot better. The crust was super thick and bready (which isn't my favorite) so I kind of left that part last. The meats were ok, nothing special about the pepperoni and sausage. I wish it could have had a bit more meaty flavor to it, but overall it tasted sort of bland and not as seasoned as I wanted it. The layer is thicker than I wanted a normal pizza to be..so if you're into really thick pizza cuts, then you should check out the Chicago styled pizzas.\n\nOverall, the place was well-packed during lunch time and it still remains one of the more popular pizzerias in the San Diego area. I would definitely stop by again to try out their other pizzas, but for what the food was worth, it was decent pizza. I think I need to give the other menu items a go before giving it a solid 4 star rating.", "type": "review", "business_id": "XqKhC29UQ1ya1Py3bTzvAA"}
