{"votes": {"funny": 6, "useful": 3, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "w6DoAYVMd5r0vXPbSZcU5Q", "review_id": "rDxIQyNtmitnTbjA8nzLIw", "text": "This is actually a NO STAR review.   I have eaten at this location a few times in the past because I like L&L BBQ at every other location!  But I don't know that I will make this mistake again after yesterday.  I also heard from a friend that they might have recently changed management.  Well, they need to change again!  Cuz \"THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!\" I called here on my way to work because they always take so long to fill an order.  So a guy answers and says, \"Can you hold, I have to give this guy his change\" and he puts down the phone.  So, 17 min and 38 seconds later, as I am still on my phone and walking into the location, the girl at the front picks up the phone.  I explain that I was the person on the phone and have been for the above mentioned time.  She apologizes saying that she didn't even know the phone was there.   So, whatever, I will vent later because I was the dumbass that stayed on the phone the whole time, but I had a mission to my madness.  I had planned on complaining to management about the employee who put me hold. I place my order and as I am looking around, the restaurants is half empty with only two other customers.  And other than the girl at the front  counter, there is one other guy in the kitchen talking to the cook.  The girl is obviously uncomfortable because she can tell from the smoke coming out of my ears and the horns protruding from my forehead that I am heated.  To top it off, the cook and other guy are in no rush to fill my order.  What nonsense I could ream from the cooks diatribe, his mother was also fed up with his useless ass. So, I am still standing there waiting and the girl keeps looking in the kitchen, hoping that any second the food will be placed on the counter before the pitchfork I am holding is used to destroy her and all those that dare cross the threshold.  She finally realizes that the fate of the world is in her hands and she goes into the kitchen and I watch her remove my chicken katsu from the fryer and chop it up to put in my container.  All the while, I am watching Beavis and Butthead continue their futile attempt of the English language.  UUGGGHHHH! So I get my order and I ask the poor girl, who the other guy working the counter is and she tells me his name is \"Simon\" (ha, figures).  I ask when would be the best time to speak to a manager.  She tells me, \"That's the cook\", yes, this is comical.  The air is completely let out of my balloon and all I can do is laugh.  Steam is dissipated, horns retract and my pitchfork magically goes \"poof\" and disappears.  Really?  What is the point?", "business_id": "BKlN_RDN6vzQQ_bg4n4R6Q", "stars": 1, "date": "2008-07-15", "type": "review"}