{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "4LVDF-mk4EqPCaeamWXDHA", "review_id": "sBc-jSFUPKwlvyA-CEwZmg", "text": "I dropped of a friend on campus to take care of some business for her student org so I can take her car to go meet up with an old friend. It turns out I didn't really need the car afterall, after I dropped off T, I drove around checking out the college town and I called my friend, N. Turns out he was already on campus working in the labs. He's at UW working on his PHd in Chemistry, smart ass.  Anywhoo after visiting him on campus we both decided that we were hungry and ready for dinner. We walked around and got to this block on 42nd street right between 15th and Brooklyn and there were a few ethnic/asian restaurants there. I think I saw Thai, Chinese, Korean and we ended up eating Vietnamese. Pho really wasn't on my list of things to try in Seattle but my friend said he hadn't eatten pho in a while and it was starting to get a bit chilly so I agreed to stop into Saigon Deli. The service was good kind of like going to grandma's house, haha. There was one person taking orders and she had a Hue, central Vietnamese accent, and one person in the tiny kitchen making the food.  I had the Saigon Deli Special Pho... it wasn't as special as I thought it'd be. Hailing from Southern California, I guess I'm spoiled by the Vietnamese food down there, after all it is home to the largest Vietnamese population anywhere in the world... outside of Viet Nam!  The Special Pho just came with a few slices of rare beef and beef meatballs. This ladies and gents is  regular homemade type pho that I would make at home. It didn't have any additional delicacies such as beef tripe, beef tendon or beef flank! The soup itself was delicious though the MSG caught up to me and killed me later in the evening. Also the soup came with nuoc beo already in the soup. I rarely ever use nuoc beo which is like a fatty melted lard from the cooking of the beef.  One thing that truly really irked me was that the lady had NO idea whatsoever what HANH GIAM was. It's thinly sliced white onions soaked in a vinegar and sugar \"dressing\". She looked at my like I was crazy and she returned with a small plate of onions (thinly sliced) but it was drenched in the sauce that was used to pickle the carrots and daikons (do chua)! BLEH!!! Overall I give this place 3 stars because you really can't beat a piping hot bowl of steaming noodle soup on a cold evening and the soup itself wasn't bad.", "business_id": "TjVFVa9RidDYgOGhkyqsCw", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-04-19", "type": "review"}