{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "vXVNTEK9SK4_fAheyEUDIw", "review_id": "xSK0AIuwXaRUjGvIP9-5EQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-01-09", "text": "I have to say that the first thing they did right was to invite 50 active Yelpers into their restaurant last month. We were treated to a cooking demonstration and I came away with an appreciation for the type of ingredients used in the dishes at Rialto as they passed around some less common foods like the Jerusalem artichoke and fennel seeds. \nI was also impressed after having the opportunity to speak with chef Jody Adams. She really the force behind much of Rialto from the food, to the presentation, to the decor. I seem to remember eating there a few years back for Restaurant Week.It was march dark and had a club vibe.  The renovations have left the space light, airy and clean.\nThe food was extraordinary as were the cacacha cocktails they mixed up for us.  I was impressed to find that they make many of their own mixers (such as sour mix and grenadine). She took a risk opening herself up to a flurry of reviews from untrained food critics.  I think it paid off, it certainly encouraged another visit...\nFast forward to this past Wednesday when I bring my significant others in for a romantic meal.  We stuck the bar in order to use a certificate we were given from the Yelp event.  We sampled the oysters and the risotto fritters and dined on the burger and duck sandwich.  Both were divine!  The cocktails were stellar as well and wehad to stop ourselves from ordering a third round. The sangria was strong and had a very concentrated complex flavor (admittedly, I've gotten used to watered down sangria).  The pomegranate sidecar was heaven! The Gold Lion was a bit too tart for my taste...\nI wish I had left room for desert! Another reason to return I guess- after I've broken my New Years resolutions...\nLast but not least was the service.  Our waitress was pleasant and attentive.  All around a fine dining experience and well worth the $$$!", "type": "review", "business_id": "uj8u2FWO9JQ5z2ouYADWZA"}
