{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 5, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "SCTuKrEe8aimaU0-yXMVwA", "review_id": "e02oxSxblf-2ymr4CpHoxA", "text": "Went here for dinner tonight. I thought it was one of the best dinners I've had in a while. The atmosphere was contemporary. The space looked new. Walking in it was a very large on the second floor of an office building. It had the charming factory details like exposed brick and exhaust system. The tables were nicely spread out. There was even a large bar area. We were seated right in front of the open kitchen. It was like sitting in Hell's Kitchen without the Chef Ramsey outbursts. It was really cool to watch the chefs interacting the whole time The beer/wine selection was good. You could choose between 3 and 6 oz pours. An unexpected generous amuse bouche of duck and apple compote was brought out. It was fantastic. We started with the lobster johnny cakes. They cakes were different, prepared mostly with cornmeal. The lobster sauce on top was amazing. I got every last bit of it off the plate. The amount of lobster on top was decent. I had the flat iron steak (18.95). The presentation was beautiful. It was butterflied on top of an onion ragout with baby carrots and potato sticks. It was cooked perfectly and was covered in a tasty merlot sauce. My boyfriend had the duck breast and confit (16.95). He cleaned his plate. I tried a bite. It was very tasty. For dessert we split the petite creme brulee for $4.95. It was delicious with a sugar wafer butterfly accent. Our server was very nice. She told us how she was just about to graduate in a couple weeks. They spend a year in school then train in the kitchen for 3 weeks and serve for 3 weeks on the floor. The prices were very reasonable for the quality of food we received. The dinners could of easily been priced double at a fine Boston restaurant. Give this place a shot. Ask to sit near the kitchen for a neat experience!", "business_id": "-4P-EXfn-Urvkh6NHK4OTw", "stars": 4, "date": "2009-05-01", "type": "review"}