{"votes": {"funny": 4, "useful": 6, "cool": 5}, "user_id": "b-Tl9y2KDzjUCo5tfD5T1Q", "review_id": "aZAqGgIcKVMyf5adJxQ19w", "text": "What is this place? I know it's a neighborhood restaurant. I know it's in a strip center, that doesn't surprise me. The menu is all over the place, parking is always a mess. Whats with the white table cloths? I think we can categorize this place as a New American Neighborhood Bistro. I have been here a handful of times and as I drove up for my 7pm reservation, I remembered why it's been a while since my last visit. The parking situation is not pleasant. If I hadn't been meeting another party here I would driven through the parking lot, flipped Raven Grill the bird and gone to a different restaurant for the evening. Seriously, parking sucks here. Our party of 6 was sat to the right of the hostess stand, just in front of the bar and just as you enter the restaurant. On a cold crowded night this is not the best table in the restaurant. The wife and I started with the fried Oysters appetizer. The blue corn meal was different and we both enjoyed the remoulade the oysters came with. The wife went with the Raven Dinner, three chicken flautas with a tomatillo sauce poured on top with sour cream. It also came with an herb rice and black beans. I did like the tomatillo sauce on top, it was very good. It was cold outside, so I decided to do some comfort food, give me the Pot Roast please. It was good, it just didn't knock my socks off. The reduced red wine sauce didn't have much flavor. The meat didn't fall apart as I picked it up with my fork. I was a little disappointed. After dinner fell a bit short on the expectations I was hoping dessert would save the evening, and it did. We went with the fresh tart of the day with vanilla ice cream. Thank you Picnic for the fabulous blueberry tart you made for Raven Grill on this day. It was perfect I really like the neighborhood feel to the restaurant, and the dim lighting. It really sets the mood for the evening. The service was excellent and I guess they recognized our table situation, where it was located. They comped our appetizers and desserts. That is something, they recognized the situation they put us in and were willing to do something about it. I promise nothing was mentioned by anybody at our table. I really wanted to bump it up a star for that very reason, but the parking situation really leaves a lot to be desired. I will leave it at 3.5 stars", "business_id": "JyOh6zIV1sGINuEnzOBckw", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-04-13", "type": "review"}