{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "6CbMXd2FaptbObbmOMeXpQ", "review_id": "YuOKfEJ8Ps1n8AKlV9bdoQ", "stars": 1, "date": "2009-07-28", "text": "I am re-editing this review after my experience with them has fully settled in and I have had a moment to consider the event carefully enough to write about it. \n\nFirst of all - most of us are neophytes when it comes to the inner workings of bicycles. That's precisely why we don't do the tuneup and repairs ourselves (although I can handily switch out an inner tube lickety split thanks to years in Brooklyn and braving the New York bike paths). Nonetheless, we do have to place a bit of trust in our local bicycle shop. \n\nI chose Helen's because of proximity to my home, and I did some comparison shopping and they had a reasonable rate for tuneups - $55 for the basic. In retrospect, after mulling on this whilst stuck in traffic on workdays I sure as heck wish I had gone with REI at $70, for which I would have gotten a 10% rebate at the end of the year to boot. And, well, much better and honest service. \n\nThat's the crux of it. Does Helen's know bikes? Sure do. But I went in for a tuneup and came out for a bill three times as much. Brakes - which seemed to brake just fine before I went in there - had to be replaced. Suddenly a crank arm was on the fritz and had to be replaced as well. Odd that you're charged double the cost of EACH item to install them. Figured that buying the item and then doing it all in one on the tune up would mitigate that a bit. \n\nThat's not the real biter on this experience though. What really gets me is that I wrote about the experience about halfway through on Yelp. It wasn't negative, but I did point out I was annoyed that the brake issue materialized when I came in for something else, and that it would take a week to get regular brakes which I didn't really want anyways. But the service guy had pulled my brake piece off in front of me before I even had a chance to think about it. \n\nWhat really gets me is that - and this is a good thing - they read Yelp, closely enough that when I called to check in on my bike halfway through the week they mentioned there was another problem with it they didn't have time to call me about - but they had time to browse the Web- and it was going to cost more bucks. \n\nI suppose being punished for speaking out about an experience on Yelp solicits some form of punishment from the afflicted and so I should just grin and bear it. Which I did. Although once I had some free time I did take a moment to write about it. \n\nThere are no shortage of bike shops in LA. Why give your business to someone who operates this way? Go to REI, or a variety of other bike shops that get very high reviews on Yelp. Don't make my mistake and just go to the nearest place. It'll cost you $150 for a $55 job, and then you'll have to sit down and write a missive about it.", "type": "review", "business_id": "GWUIfQtQ8SjFqfHLxVQ5EQ"}
